China Science & Technology

Ta » TANTS BN
(i 4 4
4 7 PP YF 4k:
: es : No.17
Department of Intemational Cooperation Ministy of Science and Technology(MOST), PRChina Sontember.1S 2017

Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan
Issued by State Council : "

China’s Strengths Creates Innovation Miracles

> Sponsor: Department of InternationalGe@~peration,Ministry of Science and
Technology(MOST ),, Raezaine F

Organizer: China Association&emmaternational Science and Technology Goeoperation
Add: Room 1059 , @jfitegsimiding , 11 B Fuxing Road , Beijing , P.R. & 100038

E-mail: caisi¢(@yvanete

i

‘eo!
St,

Over 60 years of progress has witnessed booming of new theories and new technologies including
mobile Internet, big data, super computing, sensor network and brain science. Driven both by the new
theories and technologies and strong demand for socioeconomic development, artificial intelligence (Al) has
developed rapidly. A set of new features such as deep learning, cross-border integration, human-computer
cooperation, group intelligence sharing and free manoeuvre have emerged. The general advancement of
Al-related disciplines, theoretical modeling, technological innovation and software and hardware update
is triggering a chain of breakthroughs, boosting transformation from digitization and Internetization to
intelligentization in all aspects of social and economic sphere. In light of new circumstances and demands,
we need to take proactive approaches to meet changes, seize the historical opportunity of Al development
and take stock of the current situation and make proactive plans to serve socioeconomic development
and national security and to lead leapfrog advancement of national competitiveness. To this end, the State
Council has issued Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan. This is a major event in the
history of science and technology (S&T) advancement in China and the first systemic and strategic plan in
Al sphere. It mainly plans for the overall thinking, strategic goals, main tasks and supporting measures for Al
development before 2030.

Artificial intelligence (Al) has become new focus of

. international economy, new engine of economic development and

‘ new opportunity of social development. To seize the major strategic
opportunity brought by Al development, build up our Al first mover
advantage and speed up building innovation-driven and globally _
advanced science and technology country, we formulated this plan

according to deployment requirements of the Central Government
and the State Council.

Next Generation Artificial —" Developme
Issued by State Council ;

As a core driving force for next round of industrial transformation, artificial intelligence will further release
the huge energy accumulated over the previous technological and industrial transformation, create new
engine for restructuring production, distribution, exchanges and consumption, build up new demand for
intelligentization in both macro and micro sense, create new technology, products, industries, dynamics and
models, trigger major transformation of economic structure, deeply alter human life and thinking and realize
advancement of social productivity.

Artificial intelligence (Al) brings new opportunities for social development. China is now at a critical
juncture of building a relatively well-off society in an all-round way while it is facing severe challenges
like aging population and resource and environment restraint. Al boasts broad applications in education,
medical care, provision for the aged, environmental protection, urban operation and judicial service, which
will markedly improve targeted public service and people’s livelihood. Al technology is able to accurately
perceive, predict and offer early warning for major circumstances in infrastructure and social security, timely
seize group cognition and psychological changes so that proactive measures are taken to improve social
management capacity, which plays an irreplaceable role in stabilizing the society.

oc ih *f

Lead by Science Systemic Open Source

Drive by Market

and Technology —_Layout and Openness

China boasts sound foundation for developing Al. The Chinese government has planned for major
national R&D projects including Al projects. It has issued a three-year implementation plan for Internet+
Al, putting forward a series of measures for technology R&D, application and industrial development. After
years of efforts, we have made major progress in Al area, ranking the second in the number of published
technology papers and patents and making important breakthroughs in the core technology of some areas.
We lead the world in voice and visual recognition, have capacity for rapid development in adaptive self-
learning, intuitive awareness, comprehensive reasoning, hybrid intelligence and group intelligence and have
entered practical application of Chinese information processing, intelligence monitoring, biometric recognition,
industrial robots, service robots and unmanned driving. Al innovation and entrepreneurship are growing
rapidly with a group of leading businesses gaining wide international awareness and recognition. Growing
technological capacity, massive data resource, huge application demand and open market environment have
created a unique advantage for China to develop Al.
— Generation Artificial inteligence pets usisuit Pam

Strategic Goa

Step 1 By 2020 overall Al technology and application reach
globally advanced level. Al industry becomes new economic
growth point. Al technological application becomes new
approach to improving people’s livelihood to support our
goal in becoming an innovation-driven country and building a
moderately prosperous society in all respects.

Step 2. By 2025 Al basic theory makes breakthroughs. Al
technology and application reach globally advanced level.

ll Al becomes a major driving force for industrial upgrade and
economic restructuring. Building an intelligence society
makes progress.

Step 3. By 2030 Al theory, technology and application
reach globally advanced level. China becomes global Al
innovation center. Intelligence economy and society make
marked progress, laying a solid foundation for becoming an
innovation-driven and economically powerful country.

Uncertainty in Al development brings new challenges. Al is a revolutionary and widely influential
technology which may bring about issues like changing employment structure, impacting law and social
ethnics, infringing personal privacy and challenging international relations. It will deeply influence government
management, economic security, social stability and global governance. While robustly developing Al, we
must highlight the potential safety risks, enhance early prevention and guidance, reduce risks to a maximum
degree and ensure the safe, reliable and manageable development of Al.

Major Task

Set up a system Stick to Three in One
» Open and coordinated Al science R&D, product application and

and technology innovation system __ industrial cultivation

Seize double nature Enhance Four Supports
Highly integrate technical nature Support technology, economy, social
| and social nature development and national security

LLL LLL i =

We must take into account the overall situation of national development, grasp global Al development
trend, find the breaking point and priority, enhance basic capacity for technological innovation, expand
the depth and scope for application of major areas and improve intelligence level of social and economic
development and national defense application.

1. Set up open and coordinated Al science and
technology innovation system

B Set up basic theory system of next generation Al

1) big data intelligence theory
2) cross-media perceptual computing theory
3) hybrid augmented intelligence theory

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4) group intelligence basic theory

(5) coordinated control and decision-making theory
(6) advanced machine learning theory

(7) brain-like intelligence computing theory

(8)

8) quantum intelligence computing theory

#* Set up next generation key Al generic technology system

(1) knowledge computing engine and knowledge service technology
(2) cross-media analytic reasoning technology

(3) key group intelligence technology

(4) new structure and new technology of hybrid augmented intelligence
(5) autonomous man-less system technology

(6) virtual reality intelligence modeling technology

(7) intelligence computing chip and system

(8) natural language processing technology

@* SY
@

i
— ad

oe Coordinate the set-up of Al innovation platform

(1) basic platform for Al open source software and hardware
2) group intelligence service platform
3) hybrid augmented intelligence support platform

)

)

‘4) independent man-less system support platform
5) Al basic data and safety assessment platform

(
(
(
(

= Accelerate the cultivation of high-level Al talents

(1) cultivate high-level Al innovation talents and team
(2) Make more efforts to bring in high-level Al talents
(3) Set up Al discipline

2. Cultivate high-end and highly efficient
intelligent economy

wa Vigorously develop Al emerging industry

Intelligent software and hardware, intelligent robot, intelligent
launch vehicle, virtual reality and augmented reality, intelligent terminal,
Internet of Things basic device.

Accelerate industrial intelligent upgrading

Intelligent manufacturing, intelligent agriculture, intelligent logistics,
intelligent finance, intelligent business, intelligent house.

@ Vigorously develop Al enterprise

Promote large-scale intelligent upgrading of business, promote
Al application factory and cultivate speedily leading businesses of Al
industry.

[& = Set up Al innovation highland

Carry out demonstration for Al application, build national Al
industrial park and national maker space for Al.

~ 3. Build safe and convenient intelligent society —

69 Develop convenient and efficient intelligent service

Intelligent education, intelligent medical care, intelligent health and aged care.

® Promote intelligent social governance

Intelligent business, intelligent court, intelligent city, intelligent transportation,
intelligent environmental protection.

Q@ Use Al to improve capacity to protect public security
"Promote mutual trust and sharing in society

4. Enhance Al civil-military integration

Deploy next generation Al basic theory and key generic
technology R&D oriented toward civil-military sharing, set
up regular communication and coordination mechanism like «
higher education and research institutions, companies and
military institutes.

e 5. Build safe and efficient Al infrastructure system

Upgrade network infrastructure, coordinate and use big

data infrastructure, build efficient computing infrastructure
°
and distributed and efficient energy Internet.

Next Generation Artificial —" Developme
Issued by State Council ;

6. Make forward-looking plans for major science and
technology programs of next generation Al

“1{+N’”Al program group with major S&T
programs of next generation Al as the core and
supported by existing R&D.

refers to major S&T programs of next
generation Al

refers to major national special S&T
programs, S&T innovation 2030 and National
Key R&D program

“1” refers to major technology projects of next generation Al. It focuses on basic theory and forward-
thinking planning of key generic technology, including research on theories related to big data intelligence,
cross-media perceptual computing, hybrid augmented intelligence, group intelligence, coordinated control
and decision-making. And it focuses on studying knowledge computing engine and knowledge service
technology, cross-media analytic reasoning technology, key group intelligence technology, new structure and
new technology of hybrid augmented intelligence, autonomous control technology, basic theory and generic
technology of open-sourced Al sharing. We continuously predict and analyze Al development and study the
socioeconomic influence and solutions provided by strengthening Al.

“N” refers to Al R&D projects deployed by related national plans. Its focus is to enhance its link with
major technology project of next generation Al and to coordinate theory research, technology breakthrough
and product research application of Al. In terms of its link with major national special projects of technology,
it supports software and hardware of Al development in the special projects in core electronic devices, high-
end universal chips, basic software and integrated circuit equipment. It enhances its mutual support with
other “technology innovation 2030--major projects”, speeds up research on brain science and brain-like
computing, quantum information and quantum computing, intelligent manufacturing and robots and big data,
providing support for technological breakthroughs in Al. National key R&D Projects continue to promote major
special projects like high-performance computing and provide more support for related technological R&D
and application of Al. National Natural Science Foundation of China (NSFC) provides continuous support for
cutting-edge interdisciplinary research and free exploration. In the deployment of major projects like deep
underwater space station and health security and national key R&D plan for major special projects, we will
enhance application demonstration of Al technology. Other Al related basic theory and generic technology
research findings supported by various technology plans should be shared openly.
iba Generdion Arial Intligence pevale pian Hy

—. Resource distribution

Fully capitalize on existing resources like capital and
base, holistically allocate domestic and international innovation
resource, prioritize the set-up of Al innovation base, give
play to the guiding role played by fiscal revenue and policy
incentives and dominant role played by market to distribute
resource, build a new pattern supported by fiscal, financial and
social capital.

.

Supporting measures

e 1. Formulate laws and regulations and ethical norms
e related to Al development.
2. Improve major policies for Al development.
< 3. Set up Al technology standard and intellectual
property system.
*% 4. Set up Al safety regulation and assessment
system.
5. Enhance Al labor force training.
6. Carry out extensive activities to

® popularize Al.

Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan
Issued by State Council #> —

1. Formulate laws and regulations and ethical norms related to promoting Al

development.

We need to carry out research on legal issues of Al application-related civil and criminal liability
confirmation, privacy and intellectual property protection and safe use of information, set up traceability and
accountability system and identify Al legal entity and related rights, obligations and responsibilities. We will
carry out Al behavior science and ethics research, set up multilevel assessment structure for ethics and
morals and ethic framework for human-machine coordination, formulate moral standard and behavior code
for Al product research designers, enhance assessment for potential Al risks and benefits and build up
emergency solutions for complicated Al scenarios, participate in Al global governance, strengthen research
into major international common problems like robot alienation and safety regulation, further international
cooperation in Al laws and regulations and international rules and jointly meet global challenges.

2. Improve major policies for Al development.

We need to put in place financial and tax preferential policies for small and medium sized and start-up
enterprises, support Al business development by policies like tax breaks for hi-tech business and weighted
deduction for R&D, improve data sharing and protection policies, carry out pilot program for public statistics
sharing, support general public and business to fully capitalize on the commercial value of public data,
promote innovative Al application, improve policy system that is adjusted to Al-related education, medical
care, insurance and social assistance and effectively handle social issues brought by Al.

3. Set up Al technology standard and intellectual property system.

We need to enhance research into Al standard framework, stick to principles of safety, usability,
interoperability and traceability, progressively set up and improve Al generics, connectivity, industrial
application, network safety and privacy protection standards, encourage Al business to participate in or
formulate international standards, lead overseas Al products and service application with technological
standard, enhance IPR protection in Al area, set up Al public patent pool and promote the use and
dissemination of Al.

4. Set up Al safety regulation and assessment system.

We need to enhance research and assessment of Al influence on national security and confidentiality,
improve safety prevention and protection system featuring human, technology, product and management,
build up warning mechanism for Al safety monitoring, enhance research into prediction, assessment and
trace of Al technology development, stick to problem-oriented approach and grasp technological and
industrial development trend, pay attention to risk assessment and prevention, strengthen forward-thinking
prevention and guidance, set up open and transparent Al monitoring system, carry out two-level monitoring
structure with accountability and monitoring for application, promote Al industrial and business discipline,
enhance management and punish data abuse, privacy infringement and unethical behavior.
Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Development P,
Issued by State Council

We need to speed up research into employment structure and mode change brought by Al and new type
of employment and work skills required, set up lifelong learning and employment training system demanded
by intelligence economy and society, support higher education institutions, vocational schools and social
training institutions to carry out Al skills training, dramatically improve employees’ skill set to meet demands
of highly-skilled and high quality work brought by Al.

We need to support various forms of activities to popularize Al, encourage science and technology
workers to popularize Al, improve general public’s awareness and application of Al, carry out Al education
programs, set up Al-related courses in elementary and middle schools, disseminate progressively
programming education, encourage social force to participate in developing and disseminating educational
programming software, open Al R&D platform, production facilities or exhibitions to the general public,
encourage Al competition, encourage various forms of creation to popularize Al and encourage scientists to
take part in popularizing Al.

Organization and implementation

-® 1.Organization and leadership *——

According to the deployment of the Central Government and
the State Council and coordinated by Steering Group for National
Science and Technology System Reform and Innovation System
Building, we examine and deliberate on major tasks, policies, issues
and work arrangement, promote Al-related laws and regulations,
guide, coordinate and supervise related departments to make
related plans. Supported by Inter-ministerial Joint Conference on
National Science and Technology Program (special program and
fund etc.) Management, Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST)
and related departments will carry out major science and technology
programs of next generation Al, enhance its link with other plans
and tasks, set up Al Plan Promotion Office in MOST to facilitate
the implementation, set up Al Strategy Consultancy Committee to
study forward-looking and strategic issues and assess major Al
policies, facilitate Al think tank building, support various think tanks
to study major Al issues and provide strong intellectual support for Al
development.

—* 2.Guarantee of implementation * Ss

We need to disintegrate plans and tasks, clarify responsible
departments and work schedule, formulate annual and periodical |
implementation plan and enhance dynamic adjustment of plans and
programs. |

—* 3.Pilot Demonstration *—~~

We need to disintegrate plans and tasks, clarify responsible
departments and work schedule, formulate annual and periodical
implementation plan and enhance dynamic adjustment of plans and

__ programs.

« 4.Public Opinion Guidance « _—

We need to fully capitalize on various traditional and emerging
media, timely publicize Al progress and achievement, make sound
Al development a social consensus, mobilize social initiative to
participate in and support Al development and timely guide public
opinion to meet social, ethical and legal challenges brought by Al
development.

(Source: website of the State Council, July 20, 2017)
Ghina’s Strengths Greates Innovation Miracles.

—

For the past 5 years, China has achieved all-around scientific
and technological breakthroughs, standing on the summit of cutting-
edge technologies. For the past 5 years, China has transformed from
relying on resource and labor force dividend to “Lead by Innovation”
mode, becoming increasingly important in global innovation pattern.

China’s Stregnths: “5 Golden Years”

r Innovati i
—s Creates ovation Miracles

China, the largest developing country in the world, places great
emphasis on science and technology innovation, sounding the horn of
building a global science and technology power.

Over the past year alone, “transcript” of innovation in China is
e great enough for national pride and global applause:

L—_—__™ADADADD_D—__SS=EEEESs
The first independently-manufactured aircraft carrier
makes its debut
New type 10,000-ton destroyer enters the water
First self-developed bullet train Fuxing makes its debut
Quantum Space Satellite Mozi shines in outer space
Extracted combustible ice for 60 days, setting two
world records of longest extract time and largest gas
volume.
Ghina’s Strengths Greates Innovation Miracles

2017 World Competitiveness Yearbook
fA, Report shows: published by Swiss-based International
Institute for Management Development

In ranking of the most competitive global economies, Chinese
mainland has elevated to No.18 and ranked the 2” in global Economic
Performance.

The past 5 years has witnessed historical leap in China’s dream
to “Overtake the World” and become a powerhouse:

Mileage of high-speed trains in China exceeded 20,000
Se - the longest in the world.

China has made increasing breakthroughs in cutting-
edge areas with S&T achievement that caught the world’s
attention.

The number of Fortune Global 500 Chinese companies
has been increasing. China’s international competitiveness
has ranked among the top of all developing countries.

cA Report shows: — Giopal Innovation Index 2017 Report

China has climbed from No.25 last year to No.22 this year and
was the only medium income country that entered top 25.

China power: independent innovation reshapes

—_ world science and technology pattern

How far is 380,000 km? On 14" December 2013, Yutu lunar
rover left its footprint on the moon with Chinese flag.

From high-speed rail
to super computing

From space flight
to aviation

Core technology cannot be bought. Only by innovation can we
master our own fate.

@ Why is China’s innovation rise possible?

(Talents breed the soil for innovation and are our inexhaustible rich ore. |

oO 170 million
@a@ 81 million science workers beaan rich educated or skilled talents

Sustainable input is like flowing water, irrigating prosperous
China’s Innovation Era. J

In 2016 the national technical contract transaction volume

increased by 15.97%
year on year, exceedingone trillion yuan for the first time.

national technical contract transaction volume

The national R&D expenditure reached 1,544 billion yuan ,
accounting for 2.1% of GDP, among which 78% came from

businesses.

National Science Foundation (NSF) says
“China is undoubtedly the 2" largest R&D country in the world.
China’s R&D expenditure is approaching that of the whole EU.”
Good policy is like sunshine. Furthered S&T reform solves
innovation formula.

To consolidate national core competitiveness, important
plans like National Guideline for Innovation-Driven
Development Strategy and National Science and Technology

QO Innovation Plan for 13" Five-Year Plan Period have been
issued to enhance S&T supply, consolidate its foundation,
boost strategy orientation, deepen innovation reform and
clarify positioning of S&T innovation.

Streamline administration and increase innovation and

business, carry out distribution policy that is knowledge-
and value-oriented to mobilize mass innovation and
entrepreneurship.

Innovation Confidence: look forward to reaching
innovation summit

In 2018, Beidou Navigation Satellite System will
cover major countries along the Belt and Road.

China, boasting splendid S&T history, is producing
more intellectual achievements for the world.

@ Climb to science and technology summit with steadfast steps of
Chinese characteristics.

>> Asymmetrical overtaking

I 1
Quantum communication and quantum computer, brain science

| and brain-like research, deep underwater space station, space
| ground integration...

On the journey to build a global science and technology
| power, China will create a tiered systematic pattern with major S&T |
| programs for 2030 and major national S&T special projects already

started in 2006.
|

¥ > Innovation creates China Heart

i |
We will continue to carry out the special project of core

| electronic component, high-end common chip and basic software,
“set up Aero Engine Corporation of China (AECC), mobilize our
| strengths to make breakthroughs in integrated circuit, engine
and gas turbine to get the “Pearl of Industrial Crown” as soon as
possible.

l |
BS Further reform, consolidate foundation and highlight environment

About 90% of modern technology innovation findings stem
from basic research. China lags behind in basic research, so core
technology are controlled by others. We need to make more efforts
into basic research and make more innovations and create flexible
innovation environment.

Ghina’s Strengths Greates Innovation Miracles yaa55

Launch the
first Mars
probe

Launch Chang’e 4
and carry out world’s
first exploration on
far side of the Moon.

China deploys important
programs like quantum
communication and
quantum computer.

Innovation is “flowing water”,
making China’s seed of advanced ideas into towering trees.

Innovation is “perpetual motion machine”

advancing our development boldly.

Growing from a poor country to a rich and strong one, China is
now emerging as an innovative country. The gate for the rejuvenation
of the Chinese nation is already open.

(Source: Xinhua Net, August 18 2017)
