Appendix
to the Resolution no. 196
of the Council of Ministers
of 28 December 2020
(item 23)

Policy for the Development of
Artificial Intelligence
in Poland

from 2020
Introduction

Al policies in Poland in relation to strategic documents

The “Policy for the Development of Artificial Intelligence in Poland from 2020”, which will hereinafter
be referred to as the “Al Policy was drafted in line with the activities of the state and the European
Union (EU) in this regard, and as a result of the adoption of strategic documents by several
international organisations — such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
(OECD) — of which Poland is a member. In particular, the Al Policy takes into account the objectives
defined in the following strategic documents:

Communication of the European Commission (EC) "Coordinated plan on Artificial Intelligence”*),
Position of the Visegrad Group on Artificial Intelligence®), Recommendations of the High Level Expert
Group on Artificial Intelligence (HLEG Al) to the European Commission in the form of "Ethics Guidelines
for Trustworthy Al””) and Recommendations on Policy and Investment in Trustworthy Al®), as well as
recommendations” concerning the management of trustworthy artificial intelligence, in the Strategy

of Polish Foreign Policy") and the “Memorandum on the Development of Artificial Intelligence in
‘Poland.

More documents are planned to be released soon, including the Council of Europe and UNESCO
recommendations, which are currently drafted by their respective Member States, and whose results
may constitute the basis for future international treaties and agreements on artificial intelligence. In
addition, an update of the European Commission’s “Coordinated Plan on Artificial Intelligence” is also
expected, along with the initiatives concerning the legal framework for Artificial Intelligence (Al).

The Al Policy directly constitutes an element of the new Polish Productivity Strategy and the Efficient
and Modern State 2030 strategy, which are currently being drafted.

This Al Policy does not cover state activities in the area of national security and defence; however, it
assumes the cooperation of the civilian sector with the military sector in all areas considered useful
for the needs of national defence in accordance with the priorities set out in the National Security

0 https://mc.bip.gov.p|/programy-realizowane-w-mc/programu-otwierania-danych-publicznych.html

2) https://www.gov.pl/web/inwestycje-rozwoj/informacje-o-strategii-na-rzecz-odpowiedzialnego-rozwoju

3)
4)

https://www.gov.pl/web/cyfryzacja/od-papierowej-do-cyfrowej-polski

http://kigeit.org.pl/FTP/PRCIP/Literatura/006_1 Strategia_Innowacyjnosci_i_Efektywnosci_Gospodar
ki_2020.pdf
5) https://eur-lex.europa.eu/resource.html?uri=cellar:22ee84bb-fa04-11e8-a96d-
01aa75ed71a1.0016.02/DOC_1&format=PDF
®) https://www.gov.pl/web/cyfryzacja/stanowisko-grupy-wyszehradzkiej-dotyczace-sztucznej-inteligencji

7 https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/ethics-guidelines-trustworthy-ai

8) https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/policy-and-investment-recommendations-trustworthy-
artificial-intelligence

) http://www.oecd.org/going-digital/ai/

10) https://www.gov.pl/attachment/8196524f-687b-40e6-aca8-82c53ff8e6db

1) https://www.gov.pl/documents/31305/436699/DEKLARACJA_26022019.pdf/f0d107c8-5935-ca86-da8b-
9290e3c3dc26?download=true

Strategy of the Republic of Poland, approved by the order of the President of the Republic of Poland
from 12 May 2020 (Monitor Polski, item 413).
Table of contents

EX@CULIVE SUMIMALY .... eee ceeeeeesseeeceeeneceseeseeseeesseseeeaecseceaeesecseeeeesaesescaseseeeaecsaseeessesaesessssesesessaseeseaeseeeeseaee 6
Introduction... 9
Why is Al IMpOrtant?....... ccc ccceccsscsscsseesecsscssecsecessesececesecseceeeseeceesesscaeessecsecessesesaeseescaeseeseaessesenesaess 9
Poland's achieVeMeNtS ........cc cece cere reese serene erences senses nesenseeneseneeetesieseesesseseeeseseeeeeeseneaege 10
The potential Of Al... cc ccccccsccscssecseesscsssssesssceseceecesecsessecesecsesessessesescsecesesesseseescsseaeseseeaesenesaesaeseeses 13
Al fUNGING SOULCES 00... eeeeeseeceeseseeseeeseeccsceseescseeseeeesecsesacsacsecseeacsecaesaesessesaesaeseeasassesaesaseesseeaseesaeeaeeeee 15
1. Al and SocietY oe. eeeeeeeeeseeeeseeseeseseeseaeseeseecsecsesacsecseeasaseeseesassessesaeseeseeaeeessesaesassassetaseesieeaeeeees 23

Strategic partners for Al and Society: .

Short-term objectives (UNti] 2023) 0... eee eeeeeeeeseeeeeecseeseeeseeeeseceeceeecsesaeaesecseeessesaesaseessetaseesseeaeeeeee 24
Medium-term objectives (Until 2027)... eeeeseseeseeeeseeeeeeeseeeeseeseeecseceeseeecseeaeeeseeaeeessesaesateetseeaeeees 26
LONMG-tErM BOIS... eeeesscesceceseesceeesesseeeeseeseeecseeseeseseeseeacsessesseaeseeaseaseesaesessesseeaeacsesaseesiesaesaseetseeaeeeee 28

2. Al and innovative COMPANIES .........cceceessesccesesseesecssessecessesseseecsecseseeccsecsesessenscsecsececesesaeseeseasenseenes 30
Strategic partners for Al and Innovative companies:

Short-term objectives (until 2023)...
Medium-term objectives (Until 2027)... eeeeseseeseeeeseeeeeeeseeeeseeseeecseceeseeecseeaeeeseeaeeessesaesateetseeaeeees 34
LONMG-tErM BOIS... eeeesscesceceseesceeesesseeeeseeseeecseeseeseseeseeacsessesseaeseeaseaseesaesessesseeaeacsesaseesiesaesaseetseeaeeeee 35

3. AL AN SCIENCE... eee cc eects ee rere cece cece cece seeececesecseeesesseeeeceseeseecessesseesesesseeesessssseeseseeseeesessaeaeeses 37
Strategic partners for Al ANd SCIENCE? ..... eee eeesseeeeeeeeseeeeseeseeeceeceeeeeecseesesaeseeaseaesessesaeeeesetaeeesaeeaeeeee 38
Short-term objectives (UNti] 2023) 0... eee eeeeeeeeseeeeeecseeseeeseeeeseceeceeecsesaeaesecseeessesaesaseessetaseesseeaeeeeee 38
Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

LONMG-tErM BOIS... eeeesscesceceseesceeesesseeeeseeseeecseeseeseseeseeacsessesseaeseeaseaseesaesessesseeaeacsesaseesiesaesaseetseeaeeeee 40

4. Al and CdUCatION. ccc nen rene ne erences eens teres eeneseseeneseseesesassenecesseseeseseeneeseneeege 42
Strategic partners for Al ANd CAUCATIONL «0... eeeeeeeeeeeseeseeeeseeseeeceeteeeesetseseeseeassacsesaetaeessetaseesaeeaeeee 42
Short-term objectives (UNti] 2023) 0... eee eeeeeeeeseeeeeecseeseeeseeeeseceeceeecsesaeaesecseeessesaesaseessetaseesseeaeeeeee 43
Medium-term objectives (Until 2027)... eeeeseseeseeeeseeeeeeeseeeeseeseeecseceeseeecseeaeeeseeaeeessesaesateetseeaeeees 45
Long-term goals...

5. Al and international COOperatiOn ..........cccsccscesessecsscsscssecesseseceessecseceecsseceesessesecascseceeceeesaeseeseaseneeenes 47
Strategic partners for Al and international COOPErAatiOn:.........eceeeeeeseeseeseteeeeeceecetseeereeaeeecseeeeeeeee 47
Short-term objectives (UNti] 2023) 0... eee eeeeeeeeseeeeeecseeseeeseeeeseceeceeecsesaeaesecseeessesaesaseessetaseesseeaeeeeee 48
Medium-term objectives (Until 2027)... eeeeseseeseeeeseeeeeeeseeeeseeseeecseceeseeecseeaeeeseeaeeessesaesateetseeaeeees 49
LONMG-tErM BOIS... eeeesscesceceseesceeesesseeeeseeseeecseeseeseseeseeacsessesseaeseeaseaseesaesessesseeaeacsesaseesiesaesaseetseeaeeeee 51

6. Al and the public sector...

Strategic partners for Al and the public SCCtOF:? ...... ce eceeseeseeeeeeeeeeeeeeetseeseseesseacseceeseesessetaseesaeeaeeeee 53
Short-term objectives (UNti] 2023) 0... eee eeeeeeeeseeeeeecseeseeeseeeeseceeceeecsesaeaesecseeessesaesaseessetaseesseeaeeeeee 54
Medium-term objectives (Until 2027)... eeeeseseeseeeeseeeeeeeseeeeseeseeecseceeseeecseeaeeeseeaeeessesaesateetseeaeeees 57
Long-term goals.......c cesses
Conclusions and next steps..............
Appendix no. 1: Definition of Al.......

Appendix no. 2: Polish Al ecosystem
Executive Summary

“The Policy for the Development of Artificial Intelligence in Poland from 2020” sets out a number of

activities that Poland should undertake, as well as objectives that the country should achieve in the
short term (until 2023), medium term (until 2027) and long term (after 2027) to foster the growth of
Polish society, Polish economy and science in the field of Artificial Intelligence or Al for short.

All the listed objectives and tools are divided into six areas:

1.

Al and society — activities, whose goal is to make Poland one of the major beneficiaries of
a data-based economy, while raising awareness of the need for the continuous improvement
of knowledge and skills, including digital competences.

Al and innovative companies — activities aimed at supporting Polish Al companies, creating
financing mechanisms to foster their growth, increasing the number of orders, ensuring
cooperation between start-ups and the government and introducing new pro-development
regulations — digital sandboxes.

Al and science — activities supporting the Polish academic and research communities in
designing interdisciplinary challenges or solutions in the field of Al, taking into account both
the humanities and social sciences; establishing Al departments, training PhD students,
awarding grants for researchers and other activities aimed at preparing a staff of experts
capable of creating Al-based solutions, taking into account the framework for ethical and safe
use of this technology, for the benefit of the economy and the welfare of citizens.

Aland education — activities that are supposed to be implemented at every level of education
— from primary, through secondary education up to the university level, including course
curricula for people threatened with losing their jobs as a result of progressing automation
and deployment of new technologies, educational grants aimed at helping to prepare the best
staff for Polish Al economy.

Al and international cooperation — international activities that will support the promotion of
Polish business in the field of Al and the development of Al technologies that respect human
dignity and fundamental human rights, in accordance with EU and OECD standards, as well as
digital diplomacy activities in the area of policies or regulations concerning artificial
intelligence.

Al and the public sector— activities aimed at supporting the public sector in the
implementation of contracts concerning Al, better coordination of activities and further
development of programmes such as GovTech Polska, as well as protecting the people from
relevant risks and threats. Other tills will comprise virtual data repositories or data trusts
(trusted data space initiatives), the Government Cloud’) and making as much public data as
possible open and available for use by citizens and businesses.

22) https://chmura.gov.pl/informacje/rzadowa-chmura-obliczeniowa/

The overarching aim of the Al Policy is to support the society, companies, representatives of the
academia and public administration in taking advantage of opportunities related to Al development,
while ensuring the protection of human dignity and conditions for fair competition in this global race.

The Al Policy takes into account the international, legal, ethical, technical and organisational standards,
which shape the requirements and conditions to reap the benefits of using Al throughout its life cycle,
which encompasses design, research, development, deployment, application, use, decommissioning
and disposal.
Poland has the potential to make a dynamic transition from
being a contender to an internationally recognised leader in Al
technologies’). However, making use of this potential
depends on all of us and on how well we can coordinate the
activities of all participants in the Polish Al ecosystem.

13) Digital McKinsey, Polska jako cyfrowy challenger. Cyfryzacja nowym motorem wzrostu dla kraju i regionu,
2018, also The Rise of Digital Challengers. How digitization can become the next growth engine for Central
and Eastern Europe. Perspective on Poland, 2018.
Introduction

Why is Al important?

The process of digital transformation of society and the algorithm economy are the greatest
developmental challenges in the 21st century. Public and commercial services and industries need to
be saturated with data to enter the era of artificial intelligence. In recent years, data has become one
of the most important materials. The acquisition, collection, analysis, processing and informed use of
data and the continued development of Al algorithms are becoming a fundamental competence of
economies and countries alike. This competence determines their place in the global supply chain and
the added value associated with data processing in the fields where artificial intelligence is used.

Data-driven economy changes the rules of growth that we knew in the past. This is a great opportunity
for Polish companies and Polish economy, because these new solutions and services have been
developed and implemented only recently, and in addition, it is much easier to build one’s position in
a new, fledgling industry. This means that the Polish society can stop being just a consumer of others’
inventions, while Poland can become a country of inventors and creators of new solutions.

It is also an opportunity to make another developmental leap and uplift Poland from the group of
middle-income countries to the group of highest-income states. If Poles are to become a prosperous
society, they must take advantage of all the opportunities and benefits coming with the development
of Al, while having an impact on the drafted regulations and laws regarding the operation of robots
and self-learning systems, which will become increasingly important in our lives, work, education and
leisure activities. Global trends and risks, such as the SARS-CoV-2 virus pandemic, have a great impact
on the accelerated digitalisation of many areas of our lives. The manner and extent of the use of Al-
based technologies requires further in-depth reflection, based on a substantive debate involving both
experts in new technologies and ethics, as well as humanities and social science scholars.

Al will also have a key impact on energy, climate and the environment at large. Al-based solutions in
smart grids will allow integration and stabilisation of distributed energy generation and renewable
energy sources, efficient management of energy consumption, and thanks to increased flexibility and
control of the power system, introducing dynamic pricing formulas while increasing reliability level and
quality of electricity supplied to the customers.

Algorithmic economics tells us that much of the work in the future —will be done by robots or
multifunctional systems with minimal human intervention. Poland's advantage in the form of
competitive wages compared to highly developed countries will cease to matter. If Poland and Polish
companies do not invest and develop solutions in the field of Al, robotics, as well as developing modern
hardware and software solutions, other countries will do that first. As a result we will no longer be
competitive in the European and global markets. For example, a factory that once employed 500
people will be able to manufacture the same items, while reducing the number of operators to 5
people. Services such as call centres, accounting, travel agencies, diagnostic laboratories and financial
consultancy are already increasingly supported by Al-based solutions, and thus traditional jobs are
gradually being replaced by smart software. Thus, it is necessary to ensure conditions for the upskilling
of the general public in order to counteract technological unemployment.
The development of new communication technologies, such as 5G, will make the progress and
development of automation and robotics even more dynamic, as we have seen in the case of
communications, which underwent such a revolutionary transformation in recent years. The modern
phone is a very different device than it was even 15 years ago. Transformation at a similar scale awaits
not only devices such as the electricity meter or cars, but also entire industries such as energy,
transport, education, defence and agriculture. Al-based solutions will play a central role and their
importance will continue to grow in smart grids, logistics and transportation, food production,
autonomous cars and smart cities.

Societies that produce and effectively implement new solutions, in particular in the area of artificial
intelligence, will enjoy a better growth than those, who will merely use them. It is also crucial that the
developed Al-based solutions always serve humanity at large, putting human rights and dignity first.
That is why it is so important for the Polish voice to be constantly heard in the global debate on Al
ethics, as well as on the functioning and operation of the smart or autonomous agents — algorithms
that determine access to public services, surveillance robots, or autonomous cars.

In the near future, we will see a drastic increase in the use of Al-based solutions in virtually all areas of
life and the economy. At the same time, this is the first industrial revolution in history, in which we can
take part as a sovereign state and free citizens. It is up to all of us to grasp the opportunities of the
ongoing industrial revolution to build our wealth and increase our role in the global economy.

Poland's achievements

We can already boast first global success stories that can make artificial intelligence a driving force for
the Polish economic growth. The intellectual potential of Poles and their achievements to date are the
foundation on which we should build further development of technology.

Al is a field in which Poland has a tangible chance of becoming one of the international leaders,
contributing more than what the Polish GDP or population in relation to the entire global economy
and population could suggest. It is a market in which know-how, intellectual property and creative
skills are the main assets, and our country has them.

Poland regularly achieves some of the best results in the Programme for International Student
Assessment (PISA) coordinated by the OECD. In the area of mathematical reasoning, the results of the
2018 study saw Polish 15-year-olds score 516 points, or 27 points higher than the average for OECD
countries (compared to 504 points in 2015). Putting Asian countries aside, only two European countries
achieved a higher result than Poland: Estonia and the Netherlands.

10
Mean (standard

Country . Significance OECD
deviation)
1 China B-S-J- 591 (2.5) ”
G

2 Singapore 569 (1.6) +t
3 Macau 558 (1.5) +t

(China)
4 Hong Kong 551 (3.0) +t

(China)
5 Taiwan 531 (2.9) +t
6 Japan 527 (2.5) a OECD
7 S. Korea 526 (3.1) a OECD
8 Estonia 523 (1.7) +t OECD EU
9 The 519 (2.6) +t OECD EU

Netherlands

Poland 516 (2.6) t OECD a
11 Switzerland 515 (2.9) +t OECD
12 Canada 512 (2.4) ” OECD
13 Denmark 509 (1.7) +t OECD EU
14 Slovenia 509 (1.4) +t OECD EU
15 Bel 508 (2.3) +t OECD EU

Figure 1. PISA 2018 study — student mathematics scores

Source: Michat Sitek (ed.), Program Miedzynarodowej Oceny Umiejetnosci Ucznidw PISA — Wyniki badania PISA
2018 w Polsce, Instytut Badan Edukacyjnych, Warsaw 2019, https://pisa.ibe.edu.pl, p. 13

Poland is recognised as one of the leaders in the field of video games — a new technology field that
takes advantage of many of the competencies useful in Al development. In both areas, programming
skills, dynamically changing standards and creativity , as well as cooperation across various and
numerous fields are considered crucial. The Witcher may serve as a very good example of this
phenomenon — as a world-famous game, it has won more than 250 game of the year awards. It also
became a tool for Polish diplomacy. More than 150 million people have played the games, read the
books or watched the series set in the world of The Witcher.

Poles also work on some of the projects that constitute key achievements and advances in the field of

artificial intelligence. The following are examples of Al-based solutions that are known by all Al
specialists in the world, and were created or co-created by Poles:

11
¢ OpenAl**) — one of the world's most important organisations dedicated to the development
of artificial intelligence,

e — PyTorch*®) — a neural network and numerical calculations library in the Python programming
language (second most popular library in applications, first place in research),

e FastText?® — an algorithm that allows machines to process natural languages and meaning of
words. One of the algorithms created for inflected languages, including Polish,

e Flo*”) — Application that detects gynaecological diseases with advanced algorithms,

e Inception-v3"®) — deep neural network architecture, best network for image recognition in
2016,

e  AlphaStar?®) — a self-learning neural network that plays the StarCraft II real-time strategy game
at the grandmaster level.

To sum up, Poland has a great potential in the field of artificial intelligence thanks to:

e high educational results in mathematics and natural sciences achieved by Polish students;

e introducing programming classes for all students and at all stages of school education and
focusing education on problem-solving and developing computational thinking;

e international success in the field related to Al — developing modern video games;

e creating internationally recognised and widely used solutions that make a key contribution to
the development of Al in the world;

e large number of companies and teams that are already active in the area of Al.

14)

15)

16)

17)

18)

19)

https://openai.com/blog/authors/wojciech/
Adam Paszke et al., PyTorch: An Imperative Style, High-Performance Deep Learning Library, 33rd Conference

on Neural Information Processing Systems (NeurIPS 2019), Vancouver 2019,
https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.01703.

Piotr Bojanowski et al., Enriching Word Vectors with Subword Information, Transactions of the Association for
Computational Linguistics, vol. 5, 2017, https://arxiv.org/abs/1607.04606.

Cf. https://www.innovatorsunder35.com/the-list/kamila-staryga/.

Christian Szegedy, [...], Zbigniew Wojna, Rethinking the Inception Architecture for Computer Vision, 2016 IEEE
Conference on Computer Vision and _ Pattern Recognition (CVPR), Las Vegas 2016,
https://arxiv.org/abs/1512.00567.

Oriol Vinyals, Igor Babuschkin, Wojciech M. Czarnecki et al., Grandmaster level in StarCraft Il using multi-
agent reinforcement learning, Nature 575, (2019), https://doi.org/10.1038/s41586-019-1724-z.

12
The potential of Al

As of now, we are witnessing a worldwide race in connection with the Al. The competitiveness of
economies leading the way in building high-tech solutions, including Al, closely correlates with their
innovation level.

Over the past few decades, we have been seeing a new reality being ushered in at a breakneck pace
— one that is no longer based on natural resources, workforce and financial capital, but rather on
knowledge and intangible assets. In this new economy, the nature of investments in intangible assets
— digitalised information and processing models (data and algorithms), intellectual property
(research, development, design) as well as economic competences (networking and cooperation,
market understanding, training and business process re-engineering) — has changed fundamentally.
Leading economies in the Transatlantic region, such as the USA, Canada, Sweden, the UK, Finland,
France and the Netherlands, are already investing more in intangible capital than in physical assets; on
average, this investment amounts to around 10 % of GDP annually.” Artificial intelligence will also
enable radical new ways to access cultural heritage, while bringing about new quality of education.

Artificial intelligence will increasingly use data and involve human talent — ushering in the end of the
age of traditional means of production known since the industrial age.

Poland's benefits from the development of Al hinge upon more than just the ability of companies and
experts to deliver working solutions. A well-functioning market also needs numerous and informed
customers that create demands for the products, which is particularly important with the list of Al-
based solutions and applications growing with every subsequent month. Even today, it is hard to find
a single industry that is not impacted by artificial intelligence.

Poland is currently in a convenient position, since the country’s economy is based on industries that
can reap maximum benefits from implementing artificial intelligence. Priority sectors include:

e public administration;

e construction (in particular smart buildings);
e cybersecurity;

e energy;

e retail and marketing;

e healthcare;

e industry;

e agriculture;

e transport and logistics.

In the case of the priority economic sectors for Al, the benefits of its implementation constitute about
2.65% of the total GDP.

20) cf. J. J. Zygmuntowski, Kapitalizm sieci, Wydawnictwo RozRuch, Warsaw, 2020.

13
Potential benefit for the Polish GDP (in million PLN)

18000 5
@ Priority
16000 - Commerce @ other
14000 ~ @ Indicated
Indust
12.000 - i
10000 - The total impact of the priority industries
amounts to ca. 1.5% of the GDP
8000 -

C) Transport and logistics
6000 5 Professional services

Real estate

Banks and insurance
4000 - Construction
r Energy Healthcare
100 ae ..
0 - Culture and Educétion » periculture

entertainment Public administration Mining
1 1 1 T 1 1 1 T 1

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11

Estimated implementation difficulty (1-10)

Figure 2. Potential benefits for Polish GDP stemming from Al implementation.

Source: Group 2 at the MoDA, Finansowanie badan i rozwoju, Zatozenia strategii Al w Polsce, Warsaw, 2018

Artificial intelligence combined with automation will have a big impact on the job market as a whole:

e it is estimated that for 100 existing jobs, 130 new ones will be created”;

e by 2030, as much as 49% of working time in Poland can be automated using already existing
technologies. On the one hand, this represents an opportunity to boost productivity; on the other,
it poses challenges, particularly for the education system for young people and adults, in terms of
adapting workers and their skills to the new labour market and developing appropriate tools to
combat technological unemployment”);

e the use of Al-based solutions may lead to a decline in employment in some sectors in the short-
term perspective, while in the long-term perspective it can increase total employment rate, as well
as job quality (leading to the creation of higher quality jobs)??).

21) Gartner Research, Predicts 2018: Al and the future of work, November 2017,
https://www.gartner.com/en/documents/3833572/predicts-2018-ai-and-the-future-of-work.

22) Ibid.

23) European Commission Report, Michel Servoz, Future of Work? Work of the Future, April 2019

https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/future-work-work-future.

14
Among the important factors that impact the potential of Poland in the context of creating Al-based
solutions, the following circumstances are particularly evident:

e the Polish economy is strongly dependent on the flow of electronic data (46% of its GDP)**). This
fosters the creation of algorithms that process data and generate added value for international
data processing value chains;

© according to the Global Creativity Index,”*) the creative class in Poland encompasses more than 33
percent of its population. That is more than in the USA, Spain, and even Japan, and comparable to
Italy or Israel. This potential can be used in the possible Al research and applications;

e high quality of school education — PISA study results place Poland at the level of countries in
Northern Europe. We have over 110,000 STEM graduates every year — Poland ranks 4th in the EU
in that regard, alongside Northern European countries.”

Al funding sources

The global leaders in spending on Al-based solutions are the United States, China, France and the
United Kingdom. China — as one of the first countries in the world — announced its Al strategy called
Next Generation Artificial Intelligence Development Plan back in July 2017. An important part of
China’s plan was to invest in local start-ups, with more than $1 billion earmarked for this purpose over
the course of two years, focusing mostly on healthcare solutions.2” France announced its strategy in
March 2018, entitled A/ for Humanity. |ts objective — which saw €1.5 billion earmarked for it — is to
make France a world leader in artificial intelligence. The French strategy envisions focusing on four key
areas — healthcare, environment, transport and defence. In the US and the UK, private companies
remain the main investors in Al-based solutions.

In Poland, due to the small number of large private enterprises, the involvement of the public sector,
as well as the largest state-owned companies in financing Al projects is necessary. Table 1 below shows
the main public programmes supporting the development of innovation and innovative enterprises,
which also enable financing projects related to the development and implementation of Al-based
solutions.

24) Report prepared for the Ministry of Digital Affairs: Grzegorz Koloch et al., Intensywnosé wykorzystania danych

w gospodarce a jej rozwoj — analiza diagnostyczna, Warsaw, 2017.
25) Table — Creative Class Share 2015 (item33); http://creativeclassgroup.com/_wp/wp-
content/uploads/2019/11/Global-Creativity-Index-2015.pdf.
https://www.oecd.org/pisa/publications/pisa-2018-results.htm
27) https://www.arp.pl/__data/assets/pdf_file/0008/89918/ Raport_ARP_druk po stronie_calosc.pdf

26)

15
Table 1. List of programmes financing implementation and development of innovative solutions in Poland

Financing Programme/proj | Short description of Programme/project/initiati_ | Available
organisation ect/initiative programme/project/initiative | ve funds
name (inM
addressees
PLN)

National Fund Nowa Energia The programme is designed to | Entrepreneurs, local 2,50078)
for (New Energy) support entrepreneurs and government bodies and
Environmental local government bodies in entities providing public
Protection activities aimed at services, implementing
and Water implementing innovative tasks of local government
Management technologies in the energy bodies.

sector, comprising "Smart

Cities for Growth" and "Self-

Sufficient Energy Clusters."
NCBIR — Szybka Sciezka The competition is aimed at Entrepreneurs, consortia of | 1,200
National Centre | (Fast Track) industrial research and/or enterprises, scientific and
for Research 1/1.1.1/2020 experimental development industrial consortia.
and projects that result in the
Development development of an innovative

solution that can be

implemented in businesses

and companies.
NCBIR — INFOSTRATEG The aim of the INFOSTRATEG Enterprises, academic 840
National Centre | Programme programme is to develop entities, public
for Research Polish research potential in administration bodies.
and solving selected machine
Development learning problems that

provide opportunities for

development on a larger scale.
NCBIR — BRidge Alfa (1.3.1 | The programme supports the Project teams and/or 400
National Centre | SG OP) implementation of ideas at young technology
for Research the seed stage, when the risk companies that have an
and of investment failure is the innovative idea and need
Development highest, but can be verified at | funding.

a relatively low cost.
NCBIR — BRIdge VC: PFR Funds launched by the PFR New technology 110

National Centre
for Research
and
Development

NCBR CVC.
SpeedUp Energy
Innovation and

NCBR CVC Fund of Funds
invest in technology

companies in the growth
and/or expansion phase.

companies.

28) Including the budget of the areas

(currently in preparation).

"Smart Cities for Growth" and "Se

16

f-Sufficient Energy Clusters" — 600

EEC Magenta
funds

NCBIR — LIDER The main objective of the Young scientists. 100
National Centre programme is to enhance the
for Research competencies of young
and scientists concerning
Development independent planning,
management and leadership
of scientific projects whose
results can be implemented in
the economy.
NCBIR — Measure 4.1 of The competition is aimed at Companies, scientific and 150
National Centre | the SG OP industrial research and/or industrial consortia.
for Research "Scientific experimental development
and research and projects that result in the
Development development development of an innovative
works" solution. Under KIS (in the
Application case of Al — KIS 10).
projects
2/4.1.4/2020
NCBIR — BRIdge VC - TDJ Polish-Israeli Venture Capital Start-ups 40
National Centre | Pitango Ventures | fund focused on investments
for Research fund in technology start-ups.
and
Development
Polish Agency EPOP 1.1.2 The aim of the programme is Small businesses that have | 300
for Enterprise Development of to finance the development of | completed the acceleration
Development start-ups in start-ups in the initial phase of | phase and have been

Eastern Poland

their activity, as well as to
launch their products on the
domestic or international
markets and systematically
increase their sales.

recommended for further
growth.

17

Polish Agency SG OP Measure The aim of the measure is to Technology accelerators. 133
for Enterprise 2.5 Acceleration increase the involvement of
Development programmes large and medium-sized
enterprises in the
development of start-ups by
using their own financial,
human and technical
resources in the acceleration
process, enabling them to gain
experience and create a legal
framework for such
cooperation.
Polish Agency SG OP Measure The aim of the competition is International start-ups 30
for Enterprise 2.4.1 Poland Prize | to encourage international
Development Pilot start-ups to do business in
Poland.
Polish Agency SG OP Measure The aim of this pilot project is | Entrepreneurs and local 5
for Enterprise 2.4.1 GovTech to improve the competencies | government bodies.
Development inno_LAB Pilot of local government bodies in
the field of innovation
implementation, in particular
their use of technical dialogue
and the competitive selection
processes specified in the
Public Procurement Law.
Polish Agency Norwegian The aim of the programme is Small and Medium-sized 79
for Enterprise Financial to develop and market new or | Enterprises, Micro-
Development Mechanism 2014- | significantly improved companies
2021, Welfare products and services based
technology on modern technologies
scheme; which will improve the quality
of life of the most vulnerable
groups in society, in particular
by responding to the needs of
the elderly and improving
their quality of life.
Office of the Innovative The Innovative Applications of | Students of Al-related 81
Minister in Applications of Digital Technologies Academy | majors, universities.
charge of digital | Digital project comprises a series of
affairs and Technologies activities aimed at supporting
computerisation | Academy (Al the education of the second-
Tech) level and top-level

18

professionals in artificial
intelligence, machine learning
and cybersecurity. Project
submitted for co-financing
under DP OP Measure 3.2.

Ministry of Doktorat The programme supports Entrepreneurs and PhD 47
Education and wdrozeniowy Il— | scientific activities concerning | students.
Science Sztuczna the use of artificial intelligence
Inteligencja in technological or social
(Implementation | processes, including those
PhD II — Artificial | related to cybersecurity.
Intelligence)
Polish PEFR Starter FIZ, The programme includes Enterprises, start-ups and ca. 2,500
Development PEFR Biznes FIZ, venture capital support established companies.
Fund PFR Otwarte investing in new technologies
Innowacje FIZ, at both early and later stages.
PFR KOFFI FIZ,
PFR NCBR CVC
GovTech Polska | GovTech Polska Competitions organised as Companies. 145 for
competitions part of the GovTech Polska the entire
programme connect the most program
innovative private companies me
with the public sector. The
presented solutions, financed
from funds allocated for
competitions, support the
modernisation of public
administration with the help
of innovative technologies.
Fundacja - The aim of the Future Industry | Companies. 2079)
Platforma Platform Foundation is to
Przemystu foster the growing
Przysztosci competitiveness of
(Future Industry entrepreneurs and their
Platform development towards Industry

Foundation)

4.0 solutions. This includes
supporting their digital
transformation in the areas of
processes, products and
business models using the
latest developments in

29) Foundation's annual operating budget.

19

automation, artificial
intelligence, ICT technologies,
as well as machine-to-machine
and human-to-machine
communication solutions.

Digital Ministerial The aim of the programme is Companies and public 30°)
Innovation Hubs | programme for to identify potential Digital administration.
(DIH) in Poland | 2019-2021 Innovation Hubs and
. supplement their capacity,
entitled .
Ministry of “p 4.0” develop best practices and
Economic rzemyst “. standardise services provided
Development (“Industry 4.0”) by these hubs, as well as
, rovide support support for
Labour and provi upP . UpP
entrepreneurs in the area of
Technology product, service and
organisational transformation
with the help of innovative
technological solutions.
European Digital | Network of The aim of the Digital Europe Companies and public 470°

Innovation Hubs
(DIH)

European
Commission/Mi
nistry of
Economic
Development,
Labour and
Technology

European Digital
Innovation Hubs

Programme established by the
European Union for the years
2021-2027 is to develop digital
infrastructure and to increase
the level of use of digital
technologies in public
administration and the private
sector in the Member States,
focusing in particular on small
and medium-sized enterprises
(SMEs). The main objective is
to create a network of
European Digital Innovation
Hubs. to support the digital
transformation of public
administrations and
enterprises.

administration.

The above-mentioned tools, while already serving the development of Al in Poland, will be periodically
evaluated by the funding institution and the Al Policy Task Force at the Committee of the Council of
Ministers for Digital Affairs in terms of their alignment with the Al Policy, including their integration
with the specifics of the Polish market for Al-based solutions and sufficient consideration of Al

30) Programme budget for 2019-2020.

31) Estimated budget for 2021-2027 (EC funds and Polish contribution).

20

investments in the fund allocation. Thanks to dialogue with the market representatives and social
organisations, some of them may be redesigned to better support:

1) investment in human capital — competences of managers and executives, experts and other
employees who work with Al-based solutions, as well as preventing the outflow of human capital
and the generated innovations;

2) acquisition of suitable hardware and software, including tools used for the digitalisation of
production and business processes;

3) research and development investments;
4) transfer of research results into production environments;
5) investment in strategic infrastructure projects;

6) creation and sharing data and software under open licenses, as well as making products for the
development of Al in Poland available free of charge;

7) keeping Polish Al talent in the Polish Al ecosystem.

In addition to domestic funds, Poland intends to promote an ambitious approach to funding Al
development internationally.

This approach will be reflected in Poland’s active suggestions to include Al funding in particular in the
structure of the European Union's Multiannual Financial Framework for 2021-2027. To this end, Poland
will push for the inclusion of separate instruments supporting activities in the areas of Al research and
implementation within the framework of the:

e Cohesion Fund,
e European Regional Development Fund,
e European Social Fund Plus,
as well as programmes, such as:
e Digital Europe Programme (DEP);
e Horizon Europe;
e Connecting Europe Facility in the area of telecommunications (CEF Telecom).

Poland also supports the establishment of separate and dedicated financial support mechanisms for
Al development by individual Member States. At the same time, it claims that the funds should be
distributed proportionally, according to the size of a country's economy, so as to maximise the number
of beneficiaries and ensure sustainable development in the EU.

21
ecco

It always seems impossible

until it’s done.
Nelson Mandela

22
1. Al and society

Artificial intelligence is redefining many professions due to process optimisation and automation, and
as a result machines replace humans in doing standard and repeatable tasks on an unprecedented
scale. This risks aggravating problems in socially and economically excluded regions, increasing
unemployment, as well as exacerbating various forms of inequality and discrimination. The effects of
automation and process optimisation are likely to affect different populations in various ways, and
their impact will be not only economic but also social and political in nature.

One of the features of automation is that it replaces humans in doing tedious, repetitive and difficult
tasks. It is also a way to compensate for labour shortages due to unfavourable demographic situation
in developed countries. Therefore, it highlights the need to support the development of workers
towards performing more creative work and to get the employees working at the occupations at risk
for upcoming new challenges.

The ongoing social changes should be analysed using the potential of scientific methods for modelling
social processes.

In order to involve the society as a whole in the creation of new professions in a data-based economy,
the state is responsible for creating proper conditions for people at risk of losing their jobs due to the
implementation of Al to gain new skills in fields compatible with market trends. Preparing for these
changes will also require changes in the legal framework. The issues of Al-related skill development
and the use of Al-based tools in educational processes are the key issues of the Integrated Skills
Strategy 2030 in Poland, which is currently undergoing development.

In order to develop and fully exploit the potential of artificial intelligence, it is first and foremost
necessary to respond to technological developments in a flexible manner by establishing R&D-—friendly
legal framework, creating new economic models, removing obstacles and improving the readiness of
the legal system for market changes. Poland also needs to ensure its ability to retain a highly-
specialised Al workforce and attract experts from abroad — entrepreneurs, researchers, and workers
— while maintaining a high level of protection for fundamental human rights. Thus, these changes
should be made in line with the European approach to human-centric and trustworthy artificial
intelligence, which enables the broadest possible use and access to Al-based solutions, as well as
reaping their benefits, while protecting human rights at the highest possible level. Therefore, these
changes should be implemented in line with the European approach to trustworthy human-centric
artificial intelligence, which is to create an ethical framework and recommendations for Al policy and
investment. In a globally competitive environment, this enables making the most of Al opportunities,
while mitigating social, political and economic risks potentially brought about by the use of Al. One of
the elements of this approach includes providing access to Al-based solutions, including algorithm
libraries, as well as access to the benefits stemming from the use of these technologies. International
organisations such as the EU and the UN are working on ethical and regulatory frameworks concerning
Al. These documents also cover the issue of mitigating social exclusion and avoiding inadvertent
discrimination. Polish representatives should continue their participation in the work of these
organisations and — if possible — intensify their work, pointing out the issues pertaining to human
dignity and human rights, as well as practical ways of implementing these overarching values within
the framework of technical and non-technical ethical rules dedicated to the evaluation of Al in terms

23
of meeting the requirements of trustworthiness and responsibility attributed to humans or their
organisations, which may potentially have legal capacity.22)

Strategic partners for Al and Society:

1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;

2) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;

3) Ministry of Education and Science;

4) Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy;

5) Ministry of National Defence;

6) Ministry of Family and Social Policy;

7) Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;

8) Ministry of Climate and Environment;

9) Ministry of Culture and National Heritage;

10) Ministry of State Assets;

11) Statistics Poland;

12) Social Security Administration (ZUS);

13) Voivodeship authorities;
)
)

14) Marshal’s offices;

15) Non-governmental organisations (NGOs).

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

1. Effective prevention and mitigation of the negative consequences of the development of
artificial intelligence for the labour market. Starting dialogue with the market in order to
introduce protective measures, preceded by a socio-economic analysis. Tools:

1) identifying which professions are potentially at risk of disappearing in the near future
and preparing re-education programmes for workers;

2) preparing and refining sectoral and thematic forecasts on a regular basis to assess
potential risks and opportunities for job creation;

3) preparing and updating analysis of the labour market risks associated with smart
automation on a regular basis;

4) methodical approach to monitoring the impact of technological change on the labour
market by drafting reports and publishing the results;

32) One example of testing the requirements of trustworthy artificial intelligence is ALTAI
https://futurium.ec.europa.eu/en/european-ai-alliance/pages/altai-assessment-list-trustworthy-artificial-

intelligence.

24
5) promoting informed career choices in line with the needs of the future market and
economy;

6) effective career counselling, coaching, education, targeted grants, loans or tax
amortisation;

7) preparing staff for new jobs related to the use of Al-based solutions;

8) introducing changes in the legal framework concerning flexible forms of work and
virtual working environment (remote work).

2. Analysis of the ethical ramifications of Al implementation and the impact of Al systems on
the sphere of human rights. Tools:

1) support for Al ethics research through grants, competitions, and other forms of funding;

2) assessing the societal impact of Al-based systems (in particular the impact on human
rights and freedoms) and developing methods for their independent auditing, according
a predefined manner and scope;

3) supporting, preparing and consulting future regulations related to this scope —
developed on a national and (where possible) EU level, as well as within other
international organisations; monitoring emerging recommendations and regulations on
Al ethics issued by the OECD, UN, EU and Council of Europe;

4) supporting the principles of personal data processing stemming from the GDPR®) (in
particular the principle of data minimisation), sound risk assessment for Al-enabled
systems and the prevention of errors in their design (for example algorithmic bias),
transparency, accountability and explainability of Al-enabled systems, in particular
those that perform tasks in the public domain or affect the sphere of human rights and
freedoms as part of the work on Al regulation;

5) monitoring and moderating emerging OECD, UN, EU and Council of Europe
recommendations or regulations on Al ethics and accountability in the Al life cycle;

6) initiating research grants aimed at studying the transparency and accountability of Al
algorithms, in particular in the context of public tasks and commercial purposes that
involve significant impact on human beings.

3. Ensuring security and building public trust and willingness to use Al-based solutions
combined with democratising access to Al.

Tools:

1) promoting awareness of artificial intelligence and its impact on society through the
media, including online media;

2) combating misinformation and misrepresentation of Al, as well as opportunities and
risks stemming from automation;

3) implementing awareness-raising campaigns for the general public and companies
concerning algorithms (in particular complex and learning algorithms), their operation,

33) Or future regulations on personal data protection that will become part of the legal framework in Poland.

25
model applications, risks associated with algorithmic decision-making based on
predicting human behaviour;

4) supporting independent risk assessment tools for Al-based systems, including through
company-oriented campaigns, incentive schemes and research grants;

5) supporting the education of consumers (users) of Al-based systems, aimed at fostering
understanding of their operation, critically assessing possible consequences of their use
and being able to estimate individual risks;

6) raising the competencies of officials connected with the use of Al tools in relations
between the state and the citizens, including counteracting the risk of discrimination;

7) fostering conditions conducive to attracting highly qualified human resources in the Al
field;

8) presenting the benefits of artificial intelligence to farmers, including establishment of
model farms in Poland using Al-based solutions with the participation of agricultural
advisory bodies;

9) programmes and incentive schemes counteracting the outflow of qualified Al experts
from Poland.

4. Launching campaigns to prepare society for changes related to the adoption of a data-driven
economy model (algorithmic economy). Tools:

1) information campaigns on the opportunities offered by artificial intelligence and on
how to deal with the emergence of new professions and changes in the ways of
working (for example remote work);

2) information campaigns on the opportunities offered by artificial intelligence for the
state administration and state-owned companies;

3) campaigns promoting interdisciplinary fields of study, online courses and individual
education;

5. Making Poland an attractive country for highly skilled Al experts and workforce. Tools:

1) legal, technological and information facilities for domestic companies and third-
country residents who want to run Al-based businesses in Poland;

2) cooperation with leading academic centres in the world and promoting Poland as a
place for professional growth in the field of Al;

3) direct cooperation with the business on a periodic review of the existing facilities and
incentives for attracting highly skilled Al experts to Poland.

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1. Analyse and eliminate legislative barriers and administrative burdens for artificial
intelligence start-ups. Tools:

1) creating conditions for increased labour market flexibility through appropriate
changes in the legal framework and consultations with employers and trade unions;

26
2) developing new licence types for algorithms and ICT solutions enabling open use of Al
technologies (created with public funding) by the public sector;

3) updating the law to ensure access to data, including sensitive data (e.g. medical) and
the conditions for functioning of trusted spaces for sharing this data, taking into
account the protection of privacy and personal data;

4) preparing and updating the legal system in terms of the opportunities concerning
practical implementation of Al-based solutions, concerning not only algorithms, as
well as data processing in the cloud with the use of edge computing, the use of the
Internet of Things (loT) in the industrial context, public data collection, as well as
citizen data security and industrial data sharing;

5) preparing and updating the legal framework in terms of practical implementations of
autonomous Al-enabled drones, which will be used in agriculture to inspect crops and
the infrastructure;

6) consultations with the academic, social and business circles in order to develop and
update the directions of promotional activities, changes in the legal framework and
activities aimed at eliminating legislative barriers and administrative burdens in the
dynamically changing environment.

2. Taking action in specific areas related to the development of artificial intelligence, in
particular for efficient and easy access to data and its use by all economic actors, regardless
of the size. Tools:

1) promoting open data solutions, including through the development of the Digital
Government Sandbox,” the Open Data portal,*°) digital repositories in the cultural
sector, commercial and academic solutions based on open data, as well as piloting
sectoral trusted data spaces;

2) enabling access to high-speed infrastructure solutions - data centres (with GPUs) and
broadband (based on 5G and newer technologies) for computing.

3. Supporting programmes preparing society for changes brought about by the development
of algorithmic economy in Poland. Tools:

1) creation of new and aggregation of existing knowledge bases and educational
materials in a one-stop shop for people retraining to join high-tech industries;

2) continued expansion of the offer of courses, majors and interdisciplinary scientific and
research programmes (including online and hybrid courses, which combine in-person
learning with online education) organised in cooperation with representatives of the
business environment and combined with elements of vocational guidance and
building a network of industry contacts.

4. Preventing unemployment and flexible job creation in the labour market for disadvantaged
groups. Tools:

34) https://cpa.gov.pl/store/
35) http://dane.gov.pl

27
1) information, education and retraining programmes aimed at counteracting
unemployment;

2) training and retraining courses for workers in the most threatened professions,
including encouraging the acquisition and development of skills in the field of modern
technologies, through the development of market qualifications included in the
Integrated Qualification System.

Defining regular programmes for supporting artistic and creative activities in the area of Al.
Tools:

1) co-organising ongoing exhibitions of works created and co-created with the use of Al;
2) regulating the issue of intellectual property of works created using Al;

3) organising international contests for works created with the help of Al and support for
Polish artists winning competitions organised abroad.

Long-term goals

1.
2.

Poland is one of the biggest beneficiaries of the data-driven economy (algorithmic economy).

Poles are aware of the opportunities and threats brought about by the development of
modern technologies and make career choices based on them, using a wide range of
educational materials and dedicated curricula.

Poland is among the top ten countries in the Al Readiness Index”).

Poles foster a culture of lifelong learning and the ability to quickly re-skill, while the

government policy curbs technological unemployment.

Poles are prepared to consciously and critically use Al-based systems.

Poles exposed to Al-based systems, especially in the public sphere, are aware of their rights
and have access to mechanisms that protect them from system errors or other violations of
their rights and freedoms.

36) Cf, https://www.oxfordinsights.com/ai-readiness2019

28
You cannot create anything of value without a Iot of effort.

To avoid effort is to fail as a civilisation.
Wiadystaw Grabski in his book entitled "Dwa lata pracy u podstaw panstwowoSci naszej
(1924-25)" (Two Years of Grassroots Work on our Statehood)

29
2. Al and innovative companies

Poland’s prosperity depends on the growth of the Polish economy and the success of Polish companies.
Al-based solutions are an opportunity that needs to be seized, if Poland wants to join the ranks of the
world’s wealthiest countries. In order to pursue this objective, we will need to support the process of
creating Polish Al-oriented companies, to use Al-based solutions in everyday life and to promote
cooperation between private companies and the public sector in the area of research and pilot
implementations. It is also crucial to reinforce the demand side (number of orders and projects) for Al-
based solutions in the public sector, state-owned companies and the Polish Armed Forces.

Today, Al-based systems can be found in many different applications - from smartphones, through
CRM systems, all the way to the stock market. The widespread use of Al-based business applications
include financial risk assessment, price optimisation, customer targeting and service customisation,
medical diagnostics, recommendation systems and virtual assistants, among many others.

In order to face the rapid growth of this technology and determine how best to exploit its potential
and avoid risks, we should get ready to tackle specific tasks in advance.

A good example of combining multiple Al-based solutions in one product are autonomous vehicles,
also known as self-driving cars, which combine various sensors that receive signals from the
environment, such as laser scanning, sonar, radar, GPS, odometer and inertia sensors. What is more,
they feature machine vision technologies — one of the most well-known and widespread Al-based
technologies in use today. Precision agriculture, on the other hand, already uses decision-making
algorithms. Digital Farming systems, remote sensing, precise fertiliser application based on soil
analysis and crops, real-time monitoring of crops and fertilisation evaluation make Agriculture 5.0 —
taking care of the condition of individual plants — a reality.

Artificial intelligence also has great potential for use in cinematography — in digital restoration,
automatic film translation, preparing dubbing or matching film scores to individual scenes, as well as
in quality assurance or editing. It also enables restoring footage from the last century back into
circulation in order to make it more attractive for the audience, which leads to its increased use in the
audio-visual and audio production chain various kinds of media, as well as in journalism.

Another key benefit associated with Al is that Al-based systems used in autonomous transport can
significantly lower the number of accidents, and — as a result — the number of fatalities. In healthcare,
on the other hand, Al-based systems can ensure high-quality medical services, while optimising
treatment time, cost and effectiveness. Al in healthcare also offers the possibility to use tools that
predict epidemiological situations and detect abuse. Implementing simple robotics in businesses can
lead to tangible savings and increased production efficiency. This allows humans to work on tasks that
require skills that Al-based systems do not have, or where the systems can only support work done by
human workers. The data-driven economy itself is thus contributing to the emergence of new
products, services and — as a result — companies, while ushering in new competencies that employees
can now learn.

This is an opportunity for the Polish economy and our domestic companies, since it is much easier to
compete with others in relatively new fields and areas. For historical reasons, there are not many
global companies in Poland, which makes Al a true opportunity for all small and medium-sized

30
enterprises that want to grow. It is crucial for innovative companies that Poland is as open as possible
to the implementation and use of Al-based solutions.

Thanks to the broad range of possibilities concerning the use of Al-based systems — in the energy
sector, EU external border protection, environmental protection, water retention, agriculture,
healthcare and senior care, communication and housing infrastructure — Poland is the perfect place
for piloting various solutions and programmes, as well as organisational models and forms of
cooperation. Increasing the number of such pilot projects and reinforcing the demand side for Al-based
solutions is one of the main goals of the Al Policy in this area.

Strategic partners for Al and Innovative companies:
1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;
2) Ministry of State Assets;
3) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;
4) Ministry of Finance;
5) Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy;
6) Ministry of Climate and Environment;
7) Ministry of National Defence;
8) Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;
9) Ministry of Economic Development, Labour and Technology;
10) Ministry of Education and Science;
11) Ministry of Health;
12) Centre for eHealth;
13) GovTech Polska Programme Team;
14) sectoral organisations of entrepreneurs;
15) Statistics Poland;
16) NCBIR — National Centre for Research and Development;
17) Polish Agency for Enterprise Development;
18) Polish Investment and Trade Agency;
19) Future Industry Platform;
20) Polish Development Fund;
)

21) Social Security Administration (ZUS).

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

1. Increasing demand for Al-based solutions. Tools:

31
1) adding the requirement for Al-based solutions in the specifications of other strategic
investments (or in their broadly-understood environment) financed from public funds
— examples include restoring bus transport across Poland, the “Clean Air” Programme,
Via Carpathia and Via Baltica, expansion of the gas pipeline network and others;

2) strengthening the process of opening up public administration data that can be used
for testing algorithms,?” supporting the development of open-source applications,
providing user interfaces (e.g. API) and sharing solutions between public entities
(shared services);

3) creating incentives for non-state actors and cultural institutions to share data via
trusted data spaces, such as data trusts or virtual data repositories, including
incentives to provide libraries of algorithms for Al development;

4) creating incentives for reciprocal sharing of access to data by entities that collect large
volumes of various kinds of data;

5) using Al-based solutions for continuous monitoring and improvement of the
environment in Poland;

2. Increasing the supply of Al-based solutions developed in Poland. Tools:

1) launching new and developing existing financing mechanisms, for example in the form
of loans guaranteed by the authorities for the development of innovative Al-based
solutions, especially in agriculture (Smart Farming solutions), in cities (Smart City
solutions), in rural areas (Smart Villages solutions), in energy sector (Smart Grid
solutions), industry (smart factories), transport (solutions for the Central Airport
programme) and for energy cooperatives;

2) adapting the existing tax mechanisms for companies investing in innovative solutions
to the needs of developers of Al-based technologies;

3) providing opportunities for testing ground-based, water-based and airborne
autonomous vehicles in designated zones (road sections, public areas, smaller towns,
districts of larger cities) and under pre-defined conditions. These tests are intended to
help determine the limits of legal liability for the algorithm developer, the vehicle
maker and the person in control;

4) continuous analysis of solutions applied abroad in order to support the establishment
of modern high-tech companies, as well as their assessment in terms for their possible
implementation in Poland.

3. Increasing the number of Polish state-owned companies implementing Al projects.

Tools:

1) participation of the Ministry of State Assets in identifying companies that could
develop Al potential;

3”) https://dane.gov.pl

32
2)

4)

including in business documentation of the identified companies (e.g., corporate
strategies) information related to the development of Al and the implementation of
Al-based technologies in their operation;

including expert positions, units, teams or functions dealing with the use and
implementation of Al-based technologies in state-owned companies or capital groups,
thus eventually building a knowledge and competence exchange network among
state-owned companies.

developing mechanisms that enable promoting and rewarding attitudes and activities
aimed at developing and implementing Al-based solutions in state-owned companies.

4. Increasing the use of new Al-based technologies by companies operating in Poland. Tools:

1)

2)

standards and incentives for commercial institutions developed to foster open data,
while respecting the principles of business confidentiality;

special consideration for Al-related operations and transparent rules concerning the
R&D tax relief, the innovation tax relief, the IP Box and other support instruments;

supporting demand among companies through incentives in the form of support
programmes for Al-based technologies;

developing a system fostering efficient use of resources, taking into account the time
and decision-making mechanisms to ensure the commercialisation of Al-based
technologies in Poland.

5. Identify talent, especially teams that develop innovative Al-based solutions.

Tools:

1)

organisation of competitions promoting teamwork (e.g. hackathons, service jams,
game jams) by public sector entities within the framework of GovTech Polska
programme or on the basis of standards developed by the programme;

increasing defence and security sector spending on Al, providing start-ups, SMEs and
university teams with more opportunities to participate in public procurement
processes;

financial grants and bank guarantees programmes for engineering teams that win
international competitions, wish to develop new products or systems and have a high
potential for implementing innovative solutions;

facilitating the setting up and running businesses (“virtualisation of work”), based on
the example of Estonia and other countries. Introducing incentives for establishing
innovative companies by foreign entities in Poland and for moving their operations to
Poland;

promoting the use of Al-based technologies in creative disciplines, including Al-
created computer games, architectural solutions, audio-visual and entertainment
production, etc.

6. Creating knowledge bases and developing good practices for implementing and using Al-
based solutions. Tools:

33
1)

2)

providing Polish managers and executives with a source of reliable knowledge on how
to adapt their companies to the requirements of a data-driven economy;

launching financial gratification mechanisms for companies that share their
knowledge and experience with the Future Industry Platform and other public entities.

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1.

2.

3.

Increase the number of companies providing Al-based solutions, including those listed on the
Warsaw Stock Exchange. Tools:

1)

7)

eliminating legal barriers hindering the development of Al-based technologies by
regularly monitoring existing legal framework concerning supporting investments in
technology companies and funds supporting investments in technology companies in
terms of their applicability to Al companies;

continuing investment fund creation programmes and further development of the
Polish venture capital ecosystem;

promoting technological change to data-driven enterprises. Developing mechanisms
for implementing data strategies in enterprises and promoting these solutions;

soliciting the development of international projects dedicated to the development of
Al-based products to foster experience exchange with international enterprises;

building research laboratories and proving grounds — physical and in the cloud —
reflecting actual facilities, where Al-based solutions could be developed and tested on
mapped real data, and then implemented in real-world environments;

developing a simplified mechanism of permanent or temporary (e.g. participation in
conferences) attraction of foreign talent to Poland for Al-related scientific or
commercial purposes;

promoting the Polish Al ecosystem abroad to increase the export potential of Polish
companies and solutions.

Poland perceived as a leader in implementation projects and scientific research in agri-food
sector. Tools:

1)

2)

ongoing mapping of the impact and use of modern technologies in the agri-food
sector;

supporting projects concerning the collection of data and its use to improve
agricultural efficiency;

Poland perceived internationally as a developer of Al systems. Tools:

1)

2)

increasing the effectiveness of the promotion of Polish Al companies by Polish
diplomatic posts, as well as the Polish Investment and Trade Agency;

increasing the participation of Polish experts from the Al sector in expert meetings, at
least the key ones, where strategies and future solutions are worked out;

34
4.

3) ensuring participation of representatives of Polish Al companies in government
delegations, especially to countries where the public sector is dominant (the majority
of the Middle East region, Africa and Asia) in order to promote solutions developed by
these companies and expand international cooperation in the field of artificial
intelligence.

Increasing the competencies of Polish managers in the field of Al. Tools:

1) new mechanisms enabling financing training courses for managerial staff and
executives in the best Polish and global Al centres, focused on change management,
adapting new technologies and support for employee retraining;

2) developing a training programme for members of management board in companies,
cooperatives and entities, based on existing government and EU programmes, aimed
at supporting the participation in fairs and international expansion financially.

Long-term goals

1.
2.

Poland has at least one globally recognised Polish company that operates in the field of Al.

There are Polish technology companies listed simultaneously on the Warsaw Stock Exchange
and one of the world's largest stock indices.

The Polish economy has a significant level of venture capital investment from both private and
public funds, covering all stages of small business growth.

Poland is among the top 25% of economies producing innovative Al-based solutions.

35
Science lies at the heart of all developments

that make human life easier and reduce suffering.
Marie Curie-Sktodowska

36
3. Al and science

Artificial Intelligence — just like other future technologies — is inextricably linked with the world of
science, which is constantly discovering new fields of application for this technology, while also striving
to embed it into ethical, sociological and cultural frameworks. In the future, the ability to educate
competent Polish scientists will largely determine the position of Poland in the global technological
race. In recent years, there has been a marked increase in interest in Al topics among students, which
can be seen in their participation in numerous competitions concerning algorithms and Al. At the same
time, the interest has also been growing among academic staff, which is reflected in the number of
publications and dedicated research programmes. The annual national computer science competition
also includes the field of artificial intelligence. Nevertheless, all Polish universities lag far behind the
top organisations in terms of any research criteria.2®) In the case of Al, Poland as a country, Polish
universities as well as companies trail behind developed countries.” This is a phenomenon typical for
the CEE region.”

The objectives of any activities concerning Al and science concern:

e promoting the use of Al as a tool supporting research work in all fields of science;

e providing adequate support for students (including PhD candidates) interested in pursuing Al-
related research through scholarships, grants, tuition reimbursement, assistance in publishing
their academic output and other means deemed appropriate by the entities of the Al
ecosystem in Poland;

e turning Poland into a centre that attracts expert scientific staff and students from other
countries;

e aligning academic teaching methods with the needs of Al development;

e increasing the degree of commercialisation of Al research results and development of
cooperation between academia and business.

Treating this aspect as a cross-sectional one is crucial for the implementation of the Al Policy. This
needs to take into account not only STEM, but also the humanities and social sciences, which are
important for defining the subsequent framework for the use of Al in social and economic life, and in
particular its ethical framework. This is the only way to ensure that the use of Al translates into
increased quality of life consistent with the public interest and the well-being of the society. At the
same time, however, the greatest emphasis should be placed on the practical application of research

38) World University Ranking List
https://perspektywy.pl/portal/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=13:swiatowy-ranking-

uniwersytetow&catid=9&ltemid=119.

39) Gleb Chuvpilo, Al Research Rankings 2019: Insights from NeurIPS and ICML, Leading Al Conferences, 2019,
https://medium.com/@chuvpilo/ai-research-rankings-2019-insights-from-neurips-and-icml-
leading-ai-conferences-ee6953152c1a.

40) Razvan Pascanu, Viorica Patraucean, Doina Precup, Eastern European Machine Learning Summer School

2019 —- Summary, https://www.eeml.eu/resources.

37
results, technology transfer and its commercialisation. Only ensuring smooth cooperation between
academia and business will enable the implementation of the Al Policy.

Strategic partners for Al and science:
1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;
2) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;
3) Ministry of Education and Science;
4) Ministry of Finance;
5) Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy;
6) Ministry of National Defence;
7) Ministry of Family and Social Policy;
8) Ministry of Health;
9) Medical Research Agency;
10) National Science Centre;
11) Social Security Administration (ZUS);
12) Foundation for Polish Science;
13) Research and Academic Computer Network;
14) Universities, institutes and other academic entities conducting research in the field of Al;

15) Copernicus Science Centre.

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

1. Disseminating practical knowledge concerning Al at the undergraduate and graduate level in
teaching activities and research.

Tools:

1) introducing classes increasing the awareness of the potential applications, risks and
opportunities connected with new technologies, including artificial intelligence, in
everyday life;

2) training cognitive approach, computational thinking and creative problem solving
from different fields with conscious use of methods and tools derived from computer
science and scientific achievements of Al application fields. The inclusion of Al topics
in curricula should be encouraged, including practical workshops on building Al-based
models and performing data analyses, as well as topics on assessing the impact of Al
on humans, society, the economy, the environment, and international relations;

3) introducing mechanisms encouraging teachers to collaborate with experts from the
private sector in order to obtain expert support in the preparation of teaching

38
materials and implementation of the teaching process, including through in-class
support (after meeting the requirements provided for in the law). Teaching university-
level courses concerning various aspects of practical use of Al — in the faculties of
humanities, social studies and art, where artificial intelligence becomes a tool for
analysis and creation; as well as in technical faculties, where the benefits of using Al-
based tools should be pointed out, thus creating a foundation for generating future
demand for Al-based products and solutions;

supporting the creation of interdisciplinary university courses, reflecting the entire
spectrum of knowledge necessary to achieve success in the field of new technologies,
as well as introducing more flexible admission criteria, taking into account the skill set
aligned with the needs of modern society and knowledge-based economy;

promoting individual course of studies or flexible STEAM ( science, technology,
engineering, arts, mathematics) courses at universities.

2. Development of projects tailored to Polish problems and challenges, such as machine
processing of the Polish language and its translation into foreign languages, through research
cooperation between Slavic language-speaking countries and involvement of Polish speakers
at foreign universities. Tools:

1)

grants and scholarships of the Foundation for Polish Science, the National Science
Centre and the National Centre for Research and Development for projects related to
Polish language processing based on world-leading algorithms;

eliminating legal barriers to the exploration of Polish language text corpora under
copyright protection;

rewarding projects that make architectures and trained models and training datasets
available for widespread use.

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1. Establishing ties between academia and business. Tools:

1)

2)
3)

facilitating financing the activities of universities and research institutes in the field of
Al and other new technologies by supporting legislative changes and introducing tax
breaks for entrepreneurs;

increasing the number of implementation PhDs in the area of Al applications”;

creating better working environment for university professors, who have practical
experience in the field of Al.

2. Increasing the attractiveness of Polish universities for the most talented students and academic
staff through, among other things, a more flexible course plan and openness towards
interdisciplinary classes in Al and new technologies. Tools:

40) https://www.gov.p|/web/nauka/doktoraty-wdrozeniowe

39
increasing the number of practical classes in the form of new technology workshops;

establishing programmes supporting combining teaching and research activities with
editorial work for editors of bulletins and scientific journals in the field of Al;

establishing a grant system for teaching projects, assuming that all teaching materials
will be made available under an open licence.

3. Internationalisation of higher education and doctoral training with two-way movement of
doctoral students between countries. Tools:

1)

2)

3)

funding for graduate studies and doctoral schools (with conference and research
activities) at a competitive level, thus attracting top talent;

funding for graduate studies and doctoral schools for developing teaching
methodologies concerning new technologies, including Al;

grants for open-source Al-based projects (research and practical ones), increasing the
visibility of Poland as a place of Al development in the world.

4. Increasing visibility of research in international markets. Tools:

1)

2)

3)

increasing the requirements concerning published papers and conference
participation in international teams;

encouraging universities to create special units (chairs, departments, etc.) for artificial
intelligence and related disciplines;

supporting and promoting interdisciplinary research and education in Al.

Long-term goals

1. Polish universities are internationally competitive in terms of Al-related educational offering.

2. Polish scientists are often nominated for the most important industry awards, including the
Turing Prize. The number of publications in leading journals and conferences (e.g. Conference
on Neural Information Processing Systems, Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern
Recognition, Association for Computational Linguistics conferences) in the field of Al exceeds
the OECD average.

3. The number of patents on artificial intelligence obtained by Polish inventors exceeds the OECD

average.

40
There is no doubt that the knowledge of logic is
particularly important to virtually anyone who

wants to think properly.
Alfred Tarski

41
4. Al and education

The key resource, which has a significant impact on the development of artificial intelligence is human
capital in the form of an educated population — this concerns primarily mathematics, logic, technical
and natural sciences, as well as creative thinking and teamwork. Poland manages to achieve some of
the best results in Europe and ranks among the world's best in the global school knowledge study at
the secondary school level (PISA 2018). At the same time, Polish school and university students
regularly win international programming competitions, while graduates of the best mathematics and
computer science faculties find employment in the most innovative international companies. This is
an asset that we want to boost even more. The objectives of any activities concerning Al and education
concern:

e strengthening Poland's high position in terms of the achievements of its secondary school
students;

e developing curricula for all stages of education, taking into account the additional potential of
Al, as well as other new technologies for learning and the related challenges, including the
need to review the core curriculum and revise it if necessary in the medium term perspective;

e introducing modern Al curricula in schools and educational institutions at all stages of
education;

e equalising educational opportunities in the field of Al and new technologies, while providing
students with a high level of education regardless of where they live;

e ensuring high availability of educational tools in Poland, including online tools, enabling all
people who want to get educated in the field of Al to gain knowledge, both theoretical and
practical.

If we strive to create the right conditions for Poland to develop by deploying Al-based solutions on a
large scale, retaining talent in the country is absolutely crucial. In a global and open world, the only
way to achieve this is to create attractive, challenging and well-paid jobs. Talent will stay in Poland if
Poland remains competitive. This will only happen if adequate resources are invested in the
development of new technologies. The aim of the Al Policy is to convince the top talent to stay in
Poland, while also promoting working in Poland as an attractive choice among top talent from other
countries.

Strategic partners for Al and education:
1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;
2) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;
3) Ministry of Education and Science;
4) Ministry of Finance;
5) Ministry of National Defence;

6) Ministry of Family and Social Policy;

42
7) universities, institutes and other research centres conducting research projects in the field of

Al;

8) Social Security Administration (ZUS);

9) Polish Development Fund (Central Technology House);

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

2. Dissemination of practical knowledge of artificial intelligence at all stages of education.

Tools:

1)

introducing classes that raise awareness of applications, risks and opportunities
connected with using artificial intelligence in everyday life, the use of basic Al-based
tools and solutions in the teaching process at early education schools;

developing a digital education strategy that incorporates the use of Al-based tools and
solutions in the learning process, while taking into account Al ethics;

developing methods of shaping skills and competences in algorithmic and
computational thinking;

boosting the role of statistics and other disciplines used to develop Al-based solutions
within mathematics curricula at all stages of education;

introducing mechanisms encouraging teachers to collaborate with experts from the
private sector in order to obtain expert support in the preparation of teaching
materials and implementation of the teaching process, including through in-class
support (after meeting the requirements provided for in the law);

intensification of the use of tools and embedded systems in education, accompanied
with training for teachers in their proper use in the teaching process;

pilot introduction of Python”) programming language in computer science classes
with an interactive environment such as Jupyter Notebook, due to its educational and
practical benefits; frequently updating the catalogue of languages and tools used in
education, based on the market requirements;

introducing commonly used and applied machine learning and neural network
packages such as Scikit-learn, PyTorch or TensorFlow with Keras interface**) in primary
and secondary schools;

developing mechanisms to support teachers and educational staff in improving their
qualifications and skills in the area of Al and modern technologies, along with tools for
rewarding students and their teachers for outstanding achievements in these areas;

42) Cf, https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/Python

43) Piotr Migdal, Rafat Jakubanis, Keras or PyTorch as your first deep learning framework,

https://deepsense.ai/keras-or-pytorch/.

43
10) developing standards and best practices for the use of Al-based solutions and

embedded systems in education so that they are consistent with Al ethics and protect
the rights of participants in the education system.

3. Support for the development of the most talented school and university students in Poland.

Tools:

1)

launching and developing projects supporting the identification and development of
young IT and programming talent in Poland, including students proficient in Quantum
Computing Language - QCL, as well as talented individuals from disciplines useful in
building Al-based solutions (e.g., mathematics, logic, philosophy);

funding scholarships and public support for entities that enable Polish students to
participate in research work at universities™);

supporting patronages over secondary schools and individual classes by academic and
research institutions, as well as innovative companies, providing additional teaching
tools and other ways to support the learning process, ensuring more attractive
working conditions for academic teachers, in particular for young scientists;

supporting students participating in international competitions in Al and other
emerging technologies financially.

4. Development of educational materials about Al for different age and professional groups.

Tools:

1)

2)

offering micro-grants to make Al teaching materials freely available under an open
license;

organising competitions, service jams and hackathons focused on creating materials
that can be used in teaching and examples of Al applications.

5. Using the National Educational Network**) in interactive education on Al-based solutions and
techniques.

Tools:

1)

promoting new educational approaches and curricula that incorporate the
development of skills, including digital skills, in particular concerning algorithms and
programming;

enabling students at all stages of education to use advanced software tools for
developing creative competencies, for example by using remote desktop technology;
supporting knowledge and experience exchange between educational institutions
using modern technologies by promoting good practices using e-learning platforms
designed for this purpose (e.g. in the Massive Open Online Course formula);

44) https://fundusz.org
45) Cf. https://ose.gov.pl

44
4) providing educational content for schools and supporting them in teaching digital
skills, including Al-related competencies.

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1. Implementing a comprehensive educational curriculum on Al in primary and secondary
schools, with support for customised education.

Tools:

1) ensuring proper and effective implementation of the core computer science
curriculum, as well as its review in terms of provisions pertaining to the development
of computational thinking, algorithmics and programming;

2) developing curricula that take into account cross-sectional education on issues related
to data processing, including practical approach;

3) supporting the use of commercially available programming languages and libraries in
primary and secondary schools;

4) preparing teachers to introduce issues related to artificial intelligence in particular
subjects or fields of education;

2. Boosting the image of Poland as an attractive place to acquire qualifications and develop skills
in the field of Al thanks to competitions at national and international level. Tools:

1) organising or co-organising (e.g. within the framework of the Visegrad Group [V4] or
the Three Seas Initiative) international Al Olympics at secondary school and university
level;

2) supporting students in joining existing competitions.
Long-term goals

1. Poland is the European leader in education in Al and other digital technologies at secondary
school level;

2. Polish students are at the forefront of educational research in Europe (measured by PISA and
others).

3. Poland co-organises mathematics and Al competitions at the European and global level.

45
Europe will not be made all at once, or according to a
single plan.
It will be built through concrete achievements

which first create a de facto solidarity.
Robert Schuman - Declaration of 9 May 1950

46
5. Al and international cooperation
Artificial intelligence is increasingly visible in many debates on economic growth, both on national and
international levels. In the coming years, the discussion on international principles for the
development of this technology will take place in various international institutions, between countries
and organisations. It is necessary for Poland to be an active and strong player on the international
scene, with a clear position and even clearer priorities.

Given the required technology base — innovative companies, subject matter experts, infrastructure
with access to various databases, any significant Al development is not possible within a single country
that is left to its own devices. To become globally competitive, Poland should cooperate as much as
possible with other countries, and above all with the EU Member States, with the United States, Japan
and the NATO countries. The impact of international activities should include:

strengthening Poland’s position in the global and European arena;
e increasing the productivity of Polish companies;
e attracting international talent and innovative companies to Poland;

e bringing international Al development centres, including digital innovation hubs and Al test
centres co-funded by the EU to Poland;

e better knowledge and innovation flows;

e ensuring interoperability of Al-based solutions developed in Poland with widespread
standards, norms and solutions.

The transformational nature of artificial intelligence, which is associated with major economic and
social changes around the world, constitutes an opportunity for Poland, Polish companies and Polish
science to become known and make a name for themselves in this new, rapidly changing world.

Strategic partners for Al and international cooperation:
1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;
2) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;
3) Ministry of Education and Science;
4) Ministry of Finance;
5) Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy;
6) Ministry of Climate and Environment;
7) Ministry of National Defence;
8) Ministry of Family and Social Policy;
9) Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;

10) Ministry of Economic Development, Labour and Technology;

47
11) Ministry of Foreign Affairs;

12) Ministry of Health;

13) Centre for eHealth;

14) GovTech Polska Programme Team;

15) Polish Investment and Trade Agency;

16) Business & Science Poland;

17) NCBIR — National Centre for Research and Development;

18) Social Security Administration (ZUS);

19) industry organisations for digital entrepreneurs and other sectors;

20) think-tanks participating in international consultations and projects;

21) universities and other centres carrying out research in the field of Al.

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

1. Creating an environment that fosters international investment in innovative ventures
implemented in Poland. Tools:

1)

2)

introducing tax reliefs and friendly taxation for entrepreneurs, including international
entities building research centres in Poland and employing highly-skilled staff;

simplifying the process of setting up and running an online business for every EU
citizen (following the example of Estonia), regardless of nationality and place of
residence (virtualisation of the workplace);

developing an appropriate catalogue of incentives and procedural, financial and legal
facilities to facilitate the implementation of innovative solutions in Poland and
investments in the Polish Al ecosystem;

Poland’s participation in new public-private partnership on Al, data and robotics set
up by the EU under the new Horizon Europe programme;

establishing a Digital Innovation Hub in Poland, specialised in trustworthy Al, which
will collaborate with other DIH within the European DIH network, with ambitions to
become a DIH on a European level, responding to the needs of our region.

2. Strengthening cooperation within the EU, NATO, Three Seas Initiative, Visegrad 4, the Weimar
Triangle and the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Norway.

Tools:

1)

launching data trust initiatives in cooperation with international partners, where data
from European public institutions or the private sector would be available on an equal
and reciprocal basis to any European actor, to be operated as programmes and pilot
projects;

48
implementing pilot programmes of model risk assessments for Al-enabled systems
and model explanations addressed to users of these systems to inspire work on similar
standards at EU level;

establishing bilateral or multilateral exchange programmes for researchers and
subject matter experts within these countries and other countries deemed
appropriate;

developing bilateral cooperation and building coalitions of like-minded countries with
an agenda to design innovation-friendly legislation and mechanisms for joint project
financing;

enhancing cooperation between national regulatory bodies responsible for the
development of Al and the exchange of best practices, identification of trends,
cooperation in the field of standards and certification, active participation in the work
of international organisations, aimed at working out a consensus concerning the
ethical use of Al for civilian and security purposes.

3. Increasing the international visibility of Polish research teams. Tools:

1)

2)

introducing a requirement for a transnational element in selected publicly funded
research projects;

introducing incentives for undertaking international cooperation by Polish research
teams.

4. Identifying priority areas where Poland has a chance to be internationally competitive. Tools:

1)

2)

3)

consultations with the Polish enterprise and business circles aimed at understanding
the needs of the labour market and the potential for Al applications;

supporting Poland in developing and promoting a unified methodology for evaluating
progress in implementing Al-based solutions in EU member states;

establishing a platform in the form of a working group, bringing together stakeholders
interested in ongoing cross-border cooperation on Al and consultations concerning
planned regulations on that issue;

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1. Active cooperation with other countries on innovation, development of new technologies and
artificial intelligence. Tools:

1)

2)

meetings within the Visegrad 4 and the Weimar Triangle to develop a common agenda for
the digital economy;

developing the Digital Three Seas initiative in the area of research and implementation of
Al for infrastructure, energy and cybersecurity, as well as services based on data
processing and analysis, such as digital highways, loT or data trusts;

developing bilateral cooperation and building coalitions of like-minded countries with a
similar agenda;

49
4) establishing activities and projects concerning artificial intelligence as a subject for
partnerships, joint action agendas and promotion at international cooperation level;

5) undertaking consultations with foreign experts on business, scientific and legal activities
aimed at developing the Polish economy and increasing its competitiveness in global
markets;

6) building permanent cooperation in the field of Al with the United States of America,
Canada, Israel, Japan, North Korea, India, Singapore, Australia, Germany, France and the
United Kingdom, joining the group of countries associated in the Digital Nations
community.

2. Coordinating Polish action plans within broader European and international initiatives. Tools:

1) ensuring the highest possible participation of Polish entities in international
programmes within the EU (including the Digital Europe and Horizon Europe
programmes, the Innovation Council Initiative, as well as EU agendas addressing issues
related to digital skills and education);

2) actively participating in implementing and subsequently updating the Coordinated
Plan on Artificial Intelligence, as well as other EU initiatives, including within
international groups.

3. Promoting EU international funding programmes for Al development. Tools:
1) supporting companies and other entities in Poland in taking advantage of EU funds;

2) taking advantage of the experience of Polish public administration and specialised
institutions supporting the uptake of international funds earmarked as part of the
previous financial perspective in the process of obtaining information on tenders,
preparing applications and promoting existing support tools;

3) reaching out to school and university students, doctoral candidates, trainees,
teachers, trainers and youth workers, professional learners and adult education staff
with the offer of educational programmes related to new technological developments,
such as the new ERASMUS programme.

4. Building the international image of Poland as an innovative country, open to new technologies.
Tools:

1) regular communication with other countries and promoting Polish activities in the
field of artificial intelligence;

2) organising international conferences on artificial intelligence;

3) taking into account the issue of artificial intelligence development in Poland as part
of the regular bilateral and multilateral consultations with interested countries;

4) promoting thematic publications developed by Polish think-tanks and research
institutes in the international press in order to promote Polish achievements in
research and development of artificial intelligence.

50
Long-term goals

1. Poland is positioned as a country with a significant role in the creation and broad application
of Al-based solutions internationally.

2. Poland has innovative Al centres of excellence and testing that collaborate internationally with
public and private sectors.

3. Poland has a long-term strategy for Al development, taking into account the situation and
European and global regulations in this field.

51
In reality, what justifies the existence of any political

activity is service to man.
John Paul II during his address to the United Nations in 1979

52
6. Al and the public sector
The public sector needs to play a key role in the development of artificial intelligence in Poland.
Without its conscious and coordinated activity, the success of Polish companies, economy and science
will be much harder to achieve.

Firstly, Poland has the highest level of state ownership of enterprises among all OECD countries*®.
Besides, the public sector has a direct and significant impact on the operation of the largest Polish
strategic companies.

On the other hand, based on the examples from countries such as the United States, France or Israel,
we are aware that the right development and research policies are crucial for the emergence of
innovative solutions and companies.

What is more, the development of Al is determined by access to high-quality data — its absence makes
it impossible to properly test the algorithms.

The role of the public sector is to ensure that access to public data is as widespread as possible, to
guarantee the highest possible quality and easy access for entities that develop products and services
for the public. This will allow Polish companies to build new solutions, design better self-learning
algorithms, find new application areas and offer new services.

Al-based solutions can improve the efficiency of central government and local government bodies. The
constantly improving technical capabilities makes process automation a more and more attractive
avenue pursued by public administration. Thanks to advances in artificial intelligence, processes that
had to be done by numerous clerks just a couple of years ago can be partially automated these days.
At the same time, public administration should focus on setting standards for the implementation of
Al-based solutions, in particular ensuring that Al ethics and the citizens’ rights are respected and that
the quality of public services offered is increased.

There is a need for further development of support programmes that help the public administration
and the public sector in the implementation of Al-based solutions, such as the GovTech Polska, as well
as projects established with the aim of developing data trusts, made available to the public under the
Open Data programme on the data.gov.pl website.

Further support is also needed in areas such as the creation of a decentralised repository for industrial
and raw data (virtual data repositories, data trusts) and a programme to build a trusted public IT cloud
for the public sector to hold and process data of Polish citizens using edge computing technology

Strategic partners for Al and the public sector:
1) Council of Ministers Committee for Digital Affairs;
2) Office of the Minister in charge of digital affairs and computerisation;

3) GovTech Polska Programme Team;

46) https://www.oecd.org/daf/ca/corporategovernanceofstate-ownedenterprises/35678920.pdf

53
4) Ministry of Education and Science;

5) Ministry of Finance;

6) Ministry of Funds and Regional Policy;

7) Ministry of Infrastructure;

8) Ministry of National Defence;

9) Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development;

10) Ministry of Economic Development, Labour and Technology;
11) Ministry of Justice;

12) Ministry of Interior and Administration;

13) Ministry of Health;

14) Centre for eHealth;

15) Polish Development Fund;

16) Statistics Poland;

17) Social Security Administration (ZUS);

18) Voivodeship authorities;

19) Marshal's offices;

20) mayors, district governors and village administrators;

21) economic and public policy think-tanks.

Short-term objectives (until 2023)

1. Effective coordination of all work and activities related to the development of the Polish Al
ecosystem. Tools:

1) centralising strategic planning for Al development in Poland within the Committee of
the Council of Ministers for Digital Affairs;

2) involving non-governmental organisations, including organisations of entrepreneurs, in
the process of creating a framework for the development of the Polish Al ecosystem;

3) defining the Al Policy as a living document and introducing changes on an ongoing basis
as part of the process of regular reviews carried out by the Council of Ministers, in
particular in the part concerning the tools used for implementing the objectives of the
document in question, as well as undertaking activities supporting the development of
Al going beyond the Al Policy spectrum;

4) interdisciplinary teams working on individual topics, involved in ongoing work on such
issues as: Al and society, Al and the economy, Al and research policy or Al healthcare
and senior care, trustworthy Al and practical challenges.

54
2. Developing rules ensuring transparency, auditing and accountability concerning the use of
algorithms by public administration. Tools:

1) introducing a mandatory ex-ante self-assessment that identifies issues, the
distribution of responsibility for system operation, potential errors and mistakes
(including algorithmic bias) and preventive measures taken;

2) developing a model explanation for Al-assisted decision-making and the possibility of
appealing such decisions, particularly if they have a direct impact on citizens’ rights
and freedoms.

3. Opening public data. Tools:

1) increasing support for the Open Public Data Programme and the scope of data made
available through the Open Data portal; making public data available is done in
compliance with the law on the protection of classified information, business secrets,
statistical confidentiality and other legally protected secrets, the protection of personal
data and the free flow of and access to non-personal data;

2) introducing a requirement to support the development/building of digital data
repositories, an obligation to develop APIs (Application Programming Interfaces) and
making the databases available as required by the Open Data Directive in operational
programmes;

3) organising open data competitions and hackathons rewarding the use and
development of open-source solutions;

4) taking advantage of existing data to develop complex information services based on
processed data (for data not available in raw form, for example due to legal
restrictions).

4. Developing regulations aimed at obtaining public APIs from public and municipal enterprises
with access to the widest possible catalogue of up-to-date data, respecting the principles of
personal data protection and the priority of improving the quality of public services. Tools:

1) developing the Open Data programme and the Central Administration Sandbox project
in terms of technical and substantive support for these entities;

2) implement relevant legislative changes in legal framework;

5. Enhancing the ability of the state to use Al in emergency situations to forecast threats and
support decision-making, as well as in situations requiring intervention or support from various
government bodies at different levels.

6. using Al-based solutions for continuous monitoring and improvement of the environment in
Poland;

7. Exploiting the research potential of medical data to improve citizens' health, taking into
account the protection of privacy and personal data with or without the use of privacy
protection techniques (e.g. anonymisation or pseudonymisation) if the explicit consent of the
data subject is present. Tools:

1) pilot programmes for storing anonymised medical data;

55
2)

3)

4)

5)

supporting the development of tools and solutions using medical data, in particular
telemedicine and e-health solutions;

analysing data on medical events (medical services), which can contribute to the
effectiveness of prevention;

optimising activities in the health sector based on the analysis of data such as, but not
limited to, maps of needs, supply and demand for services, resource utilisation, data
from digital services;

sharing medical data for the development of more effective medicines and treatments.

8. Increasing the number of Al procurements in the public sector, including central and local
government, as well as state-owned companies and municipal companies run by local
government bodies, thanks to the development of tools developed by the GovTech Polska
Programme. Tools:

1)

2)

3)

4)

5)

6)

7)

promoting the learning by doing approach by organising pilot projects and
implementation programmes concerning Al applications in public institutions, using the
experience gained during the organisation of GovTech Polska competitions*”);

organising pilot projects and implementation programmes on risk assessments and
model-based explanations for citizens exposed to Al-based systems;

promoting the use of non-conventional (other than tender) public procurement modes,
more conducive to procuring innovative solutions in the public sector;

training staff of public administration bodies in the use of public procurement
procedures enabling them to achieve the best results in the procurement of innovative
solutions and in counteracting discrimination;

preparing and frequently updating a catalogue of best practices for contracting
authorities, including reduction of bureaucracy and prerequisites, methods of
independent auditing and regular risk assessment, innovative and agile
implementation methods, data sharing, promoting shared services and modern
intellectual property management;

conducting regular workshops and conferences on public procurement of Al-based
solutions;

creating a set of networking tools to facilitate the participation of private entities, in
particular SMEs, in public procurement contracts for new technologies.

9. Take advantage of Poland's role as the host of the 2020 UN Internet Governance Forum
organised in Katowice to exchange experiences and promote Poland in the area of modern
technologies and artificial intelligence. Tools:

1)

2)

covering the subject of Al during the “zero day” organised on the day before the main
event;

organising discussion panels devoted to Al;

47. https://konkursy.govtech.gov.pl

56
3)

preparing and launching accompanying promotional campaigns highlighting Poland's
potential as a country where modern technological solutions, including Al, are
developed by the public and private sectors.

Medium-term objectives (until 2027)

1.

2.

Public data is available and widely used. Tools:

1)

2)

3)

4)

all open data under the Public Information Act is directly accessible (downloadable as
a file or via APIs); sharing public data respects the laws on protection of classified
information, business secrets, protection of personal data and free movement of and
access to non-personal data;

implementing electronic document management systems using Al-based components
in public institutions, for sharing selected information based on sensitive data sets held
by the administration, with due respect for regulations on the protection of classified
information;

boosting competences and digital skills of public sector staffers , including promoting
modern, agile working methodologies and tools;

strengthening the role of Statistics Poland as an aggregator of real-time statistical data
and provider of statistical expertise to public sector bodies.

Poland is one of the most active countries in developing ethical use of data according to the
concept of trustworthy Al.”®) Tools:

1) developing a dynamic code of ethics for Al by the Polish government, the Virtual
Research Institute and Al experts, taking into account Article 30 of the Polish
Constitution and the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, as well as principles such
as human-centric Al, reliability (assuming, among others, the prevention of errors
such as algorithmic bias) transparency and explainability;

2) Poland’s activity in the UNESCO Global Ethics Code for Al initiative*®) initiative;

3) Poland's continued participation in the OECD's Stewardship of Trustworthy Al
initiative initiative;

4) Poland’s continued activity in the Council of Europe in the initiative to develop

recommendations for Al with regard to the protection of human rights, the rule of
law and democracy.

Long-term goals

1.

Polish public data is accessible and easy to use for citizens, researchers and industry. The data
is adapted to machine analysis and accessible via modern APIs. The release of public data

48) https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/ethics-guidelines-trustworthy-ai

49) https://en.unesco.org/courier/2018-3/towards-global-code-ethics-artificial-intelligence-research

5°) https://www.oecd.org/going-digital/ai/principles/

57
respects the laws on the protection of classified information, business secrets, the protection
of personal data and the free movement of and access to non-personal data.

The rights and interests of Polish citizens whose data may be used by researchers or industry
have been secured with appropriate guarantees (including but not limited to the protection of
their privacy).

Transparent mechanisms for sharing non-public data are developed.
Polish diplomacy promotes Polish Al businesses and scientific centres.

Thanks to the work of Polish specialists and Polish international activities, Poles are among the
leading authors cited in Al publications.

58
Conclusions and next steps

The mission of Poland's strategic policy in the field of artificial intelligence is to use Al research and
development to increase innovation and productivity of data-driven economy, as well as to support
citizens in the processes of transforming their work environment and building their competencies,
taking into account the protection of human dignity and ensuring the conditions of fair competition.

Poland has the potential for a dynamic transition from the role of a challenger*” to an internationally
recognised leader in artificial intelligence with the Invented in Poland brand.

Only by coordinating the activities of all participants of the Polish Al ecosystem will Polish society and
economy be able to take advantage of the opportunities provided by the current technological
revolution brought about by Al. In view of the above, we need cooperation in the following areas:

1)

9)

building a culture of cooperation between the public and private sectors in the area of
innovation;

ensuring conditions conducive to the development of citizens' creativity by strengthening the
labour market;

supporting and promoting Al-based solutions developed by Polish entrepreneurs;

developing an effective and agile central coordination mechanism for public initiatives on Al
and modern technologies;

supporting cooperation between academic centres and business;

developing analytical and digital skills, including programming skills, at all stages of education,
establishing rules for the organisation of classes and apprenticeships relevant to the level of
education;

developing lifelong learning, establishment of a staff development/retraining programme and
encouragement of informed career choices, in line with the Integrated Skills System;

supporting cooperation opportunities among participants in the Polish Al ecosystem (e.g. joint
R&D, experience sharing, cluster solutions);

promoting innovative technological solutions among entrepreneurs in order to raise the level
of development and to establish a dialogue with other EU economies;

10) active cooperation in the European field in the development of trustworthy Al;

11) building trust in Al by supporting practical solutions to increase accountability and

transparency of these systems (e.g., through dedicated research grants, pilot implementations
and soft standards);

12) implementing practical mechanisms in the public sector to protect individuals against

violations of their rights and freedoms (e.g. model implementation of the right to an
explanation) and promoting similar implementation in the private sector;

51) Cf. https://www.mckinsey.com/pl/our-insights/polska-jako-cyfrowy-challenger

59
13) supporting projects in the field of e-Health, including activities aimed at the interoperability of
existing systems, with a particular focus on projects aimed at the care for the elderly and
projects aimed at preventing and combating epidemic outbreaks;

14) supporting educational and cultural projects, with a special focus on the reliability of
knowledge sources, scepticism, counteracting the spread of violence, etc.;

15) supporting cybersecurity and projects aimed at combating disinformation, including building
a culture based on accountability and the ability to explain the use of algorithms;

16) supporting development of an API standard for accessing public data and a standard for
sharing non-public data;

17) promoting open interoperability standards, including mutual recognition of certificates and
compliance protocols.

By design, this Al policy is a document that will need to be subject to regular evaluations to reflect the
ever-changing nature of the high-tech sector and Al in particular. Thus, coming up with new objectives,
refining activities, evaluating and changing tools and expanding the catalogue of partners will be
integral parts of the implementation of the Al Policy. This approach is consistent with the best business
practices and the interests of the state in a situation where the regulated sector is constantly changing.
Defining the objectives, measures, additional actions and scope for adapting the document to the
changing reality, as well as other ongoing adjustments in the area of Al Policy implementation will be
the task of the Al Policy Task Force at the Committee of the Council of Ministers for Digital Affairs
(hereinafter referred to as the ”CCMDA”), which will recommend action plans, priority projects and
schedules.

Coordinating these changes and the overall implementation of the activities described in this
document will be carried out by the minister in charge of computerisation. The current plans envision
supporting the CCMDA in the future, whose tasks will be expanded by the Prime Minister by amending
or issuing a new Ordinance on the Committee of the Council of Ministers for Digital Affairs, including
in particular new competences resulting from this Al Policy.

What is more, if achieving the objectives resulting from the Al Policy will require extending or changing
the competencies of other institutions or bodies, as well as any other legislative solutions, they will be
implemented by making appropriate adjustments to the currently binding legal acts or programme
documents.

Operational aspects of Al Policy implementation will be the responsibility of the Al Policy Task Force,
which is planned to be established at the CCMDA in accordance with Section 17 of the Ordinance No.
48 of the Prime Minister of 12 April 2016 on the Committee of the Council of Ministers for Digital
Affairs (Monitor Polski of 2018, item 705, Monitor Polski of 2020, item 226). This will at the same time
ensure coherence across the public sector and continuity of implementation activities. Planning within
the Al Policy will be based on implementation plans presented annually to the minister in charge of
computerisation by each of the responsible ministers. These will include a list of actions, objectives
and planned costs together with funding sources. These plans will be then reviewed by the Al Policy
Task Force. Ministers will also include specific actions they will take to ensure that their aid, grant and
subsidy programmes, procurement and other funding tools reward the use of Al by beneficiaries and

60
contractors. When submitting their plans, the ministers will take into account the activities of their
own departments and the institutions they supervise.

What is more, all citizens, all companies, public and private schools and universities, non-governmental
organisations and all other participants of public life will also determine the directions of development
of Polish Al ona daily basis thanks to their actions, while the role of public institutions will be to support
this process. This cannot be done in any other way than through continuous consultation with
domestic and international entities and involving them in the continuous process of improving the
Polish Al ecosystem of which they are a part.

61
Appendix no. 1: Definition of Al
To date, no legal definition of artificial intelligence has been developed in national legislation

framework and international conventions; however, some attempts are made to approach this
phenomenon and various Al technologies from a descriptive point of view.

Artificial intelligence or Al for short>”) is thus defined as a field of study including neural networks,
robotics and development of intelligent behaviour models, as well as software simulating these
behaviours, also including machine learning, deep learning and reinforcement learning.

Thanks to modelling knowledge and data, as well as thanks to the development of algorithms and
growing computational power, the current state of technology enables us to build relatively
automated systems for collecting, processing and analysing data, which offers autonomous
improvement of the system or prediction of behaviour and actions based on the analysis of collected
data and correlations between them, with the possibility of influencing the external environment and
interacting with it through sensors and actuators. These interactions can occur mechanistically or with
human intervention throughout the life cycle of an artificial intelligence from its inception, through
development, deployment, application, up to deactivation and disposal.

Consensus on the definition of Al

There is an international consensus to define artificial intelligence based on the system model
approach, based on technical development of the intelligent agent model. This approach amounts to
describing artificial intelligence as an Al System. This Al Policy is based on the adoption of Al System as
a central concept to describe Al from a technical point of view. Thus, the Al Policy adopts as its own
the definition of Al System developed within the OECD by the Al Group of Expert.

An Al system according to OECD™) is a system based on the concept of a machine that can influence
its environment by making recommendations, predictions or decisions based on a pre-set set of goals.
It does this by using input, machine or human data to:

e perceive and analyse real and virtual environments;
e summarise the perceptions and analyses with models — manually or automatically;

e use model interpretation to formulate outcome options.

In this approach, an Al system comprises three main components:
e sensors;
e operational logic (models of algorithms);

e actuators (executive system);
Sensors collect raw data from the environment and actuators take action to change its state. The key
strength of an artificial intelligence system can be found in its operational logic (algorithm models)

52) Barttomiej Michatowski, Internet of Things (loT) i Artificial Intelligence (Al) w Polsce. Jak wykorzystaé
rewolucje technologiczng Internetu rzeczy i sztucznej inteligencji w rozwoju Polski, Instytut Sobieskiego,
Warsaw, 2018.

53) http://www.oecd.org/going-digital/ai

62
which, for a given set of objectives and based on sensor input, extracts output data for the actuators
— recommendations, predictions or decisions that can affect the environment.

Model (e.g., rules or analytical function) -a
representation interpretable or not by humans

Figure 3. Al system according to the OECD. Source: AIGO study — OECD Digital Economy Papers November 2019
No. 291%)

The Al system should follow the ethical principles contained in the guidelines for trustworthy Al, such

as:>))

human agency and oversight;

technical robustness and safety;

privacy and data governance;

diversity, non-discrimination and fairness;

environmental and societal well-being;

54) Scoping the OECD Al Principles Deliberations of the Expert Group on artificial Intelligence at the OECD (AIGO)
https://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/docserver/d62f618a-en.pdf?expires=1603987342&id=id&accname=
guest&checksum=28E90DC24CF15EF5DCB93E1076E7EDO08.

55) Ethics Guidelines for Trustworthy Artificial Intelligence developed by the independent High Level Expert
Group on Artificial Intelligence established by the European Commission in June 2018:
https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/high-level-expert-group-artificial-intelligence .

63
transparency;

accountability.

64
Appendix no. 2: Polish Al ecosystem

The Al ecosystem is a horizontal environment designed to initiate and support activities undertaken
by numerous stakeholders to develop Polish innovation in the field of Al and to position Polish
intellectual property at the highest possible levels of the global value chain related to data processing,
as well as to minimise potential risks related to the ongoing global competition in the field of Al and
the ongoing transformation of the economy and society.

The Al ecosystem will engage citizens, entrepreneurs, academia, cultural institutions and archives, and
government, providing a basis for the systematic growth of Al innovation, with attention to
cybersecurity, fair competition, as well as ethics and the paradigm of human individual sovereignty
over Al in respect of social solidarity and sustainable development.

Actions taken within the Al ecosystem are supposed to:

support the emergence of Polish businesses developing Al-based solutions;

© promote the use of Al-based solutions in Polish economy;

e support the exports of Polish Al companies;

e foster learning, training skills and development of competencies in the field of Al;
e support research, in particular interdisciplinary research in the field of Al;

¢ promote the participation of Polish scientists and entrepreneurs in international bodies
focusing on Al and its development.

For this to be possible, developing a coordinated state policy in the field of Al and organising a
management centre for the Polish Al ecosystem seem to be required.

The Polish Al ecosystem also focuses on the international and legal frameworks, as well as emerging
technical and organisational standards, defining actions of people functioning in society and the
environment based on ethical principles for trustworthy Al. Together, these dimensions constitute a
dynamic framework for the ecosystem, stabilising its operation on the one hand and reshaping it on
the other, as the Al challenge has only just started — both in socio-political research and in the
solutions included in policies and global regulations.

The strategic factors for building the potential of Polish Al include:
e data;
e knowledge, competences, skills and qualifications;
e funding;
e = Infrastructure.

The factors listed above represent the necessary areas for improvement, where the organised and
coordinated management will lead to the achievement of Al Policy objectives.

65
Al Policy Coordination

The minister in charge of computerisation is responsible for the coordination of the implementation
of the Al Policy. A key role in monitoring and supporting the coordination of Al Policy implementation
will be played by the Al Policy Task Force, which is to be established at the CCMDA. The Task Force will
be appointed by the CCMDA upon request of the minister in charge of computerisation. The Al Policy
Task Force will provide draft information on the implementation of Al Policy activities for a given year
to the CCMDA. This draft, after consideration by the CCMDA, will be presented to the Council of
Ministers by the minister responsible for computerisation.

Al research and science
s, NCBIR, NASK, National Science Centre, Virtual
Research Institute

Al entrepreneurs
SMEs, large companies, international investors

Data aa SS Research
Data management and policy

; Accessible data science courses
Open public data Implementation PhDs
Urban data as . AIPhD school
Medical date Minister in charge of Alin ministry-sponsored courses
Energy sector data . A Innovation Academy
Environmental data computerization Polish Quantum Computer
Industrial data with the help of the CCMDA Alchallenge platform

Data trusts
Access and data haew and the Al Policy Task Force Infrastructure
- Trusted data spaces
Faas A Trusted Computing Cloud
i coordinating the Al Polic
Al support policy are is on -Y Edge Computing
Corporate VC for state-owned] with respect forthe Broadband Internet access

companies principles of trustworthy Al Regulatory sandboxes and
VC funds testbeds

State budget Smart grids

EU / eDIH budget eset National Education Network

Private investments CyberSec Al Centre

Funding

oc
=
=
c
2
=
@
=
a
=
o
2
o
(=)
=
3
a

uolyeonp3 IV

.
S
P=
LS)
©
wn
a
2
=}
a

GovTech Polska, Future Industry Platform
Foundation, National Data Operators, Polish
Investment and Trade Agency

Al customers and users
State-owned companies, Polish Armed Forces, Polish Government and government agencies, local governments, healthcare, business, schools,

Al Developers, Poles, social and professional organisations

Figure 4. Polish Al ecosystem. Source: own compilation

In order to effectively monitor, implement and coordinate the Al Policy, there are plans to establish
the:

e Al Policy Task Force — an entity operating at the CCMDA, chaired by the Prime Minister's
Plenipotentiary for GovTech. The Task Force will be tasked with monitoring and coordinating
public institution activities within the scope of the implementation of the Al Policy, in
cooperation with the bodies specified below.

e Al Contact Point — appointed by the minister in charge of computerisation at Centre for the
Operational Programme Digital Poland in order to support and coordinate stakeholders of
financial assistance programmes based on the central EU budget such as Digital Europe or
Horizon Europe;

e Al Observatory for the Labour Market — appointed by the minister in charge of
computerisation to monitor and study the impact of Al on the labour market, in cooperation
with the minister in charge of labour;

66
Observatory for International Artificial Intelligence and Digital Transformation Policy —
appointed by the minister in charge of computerisation to monitor Al policies and regulations
enacted in other countries, formulate recommendations for international initiatives in the
field of Al, monitor global trends in Al development, in cooperation with the Ministry of
Foreign Affairs;

Al Council - appointed on an ad hoc basis by the minister in charge of computerisation, in order
to support the identification of challenges for scientific research and flagship projects, define
standards for Al use in Poland and coordinate arrangements for public aid programmes, as
defined by NCBIR, National Science Centre, Horizon Europe and other available sources, as
well as to allocate state budget funds or issue recommendations concerning the budgets of
local government units. The list of members of the Al Council will include appointed
representatives of academia, business, NGOs and public administration. The Al Council will
consult its recommendations with the Innovation Council and the Digital Affairs Council;

Al Legislative Team — appointed by the minister in charge of computerisation to address legal
and ethical challenges supporting the implementation of the Al Policy.

The Al Policy Task Force will propose the lists of members of the aforementioned bodies, their mode
of operation, competences and sources of funding for their activities, suggesting necessary changes as
required, including staffing changes or clarification of the scope of activity of each body and their

respective action plans within the scope defined in the Al Policy.

The Al Policy will focus on the development of the Al ecosystem, keeping in mind the following actions

for each of the four dimensions of the Polish Al ecosystem framework:

Table 2. Framework for the Polish Al ecosystem

Framework for the Polish Al
ecosystem

Dimension

Policy orientations

international

European and supra-European cooperation
virtualisation of work and mobility

territorial virtualisation and fair competition
preventing monopolisation of access to data and
closing value chains

promoting equal and decentralised cooperation
between research and development centres
protection of talent

exports of Al services

organisation of cross-border Al testbeds
coordination of public aid and foreign investment
programmes

ethical

human dignity and human autonomy support in the
face of digital machine automation

Global Code of Al Ethics

trustworthy Al

67

legal

legal definition of Al

counteracting the granting of legal personality to Als
ownership and transferability of personal data
protection of business secrets and lack of ownership
of industrial data

intellectual property

damage liability for Al developers on the basis of the
diligence principle, for Al operators on the basis of the
risk principle; distinction between the liability of end
users and that of Al operators;

support for procurement specifications for Al-based
solutions and facilitating the procurement process

technical and organisational
standards

technical standards

mutual recognition of certificates and certificates of
conformity

rules for interoperability

data management standards

68

